Tata Motors Limited NSEI:TMCV
FQ4 2026 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, May 13, 2026 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates
                                          -FQ4 2026-                                                   -FY 2026-                  -FY 2027-

                      CONSENSUS             ACTUAL             SURPRISE          CONSENSUS              ACTUAL      SURPRISE      CONSENSUS

     EPS
                          5.20                5.69                 10.70             17.82                  15.91    (16.72 %)      19.17
  Normalized

Revenue (mm)           237013.00           260980.00                3.64          813308.51            838550.00       3.10       881357.24
Currency: INR
Consensus as of Apr-27-2026 3:20 AM GMT




                                                                                   - EPS NORMALIZED -

                                                       CONSENSUS                               ACTUAL                  SURPRISE

           FQ3 2026                                             4.47                                 5.30               18.57 %

           FQ4 2026                                             5.20                                 5.69               10.70 %




COPYRIGHT © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved                                  1
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
Contents




Table of Contents

Call Participants                                     ..................................................................................   3
Presentation                                          ..................................................................................   4
Question and Answer                                   ..................................................................................   8




COPYRIGHT © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved                                         2
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 13, 2026




Call Participants
EXECUTIVES

G.V. Ramanan

Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director

Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                       3
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 13, 2026




Presentation
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Welcome to Tata Motors Q4 and Full Year FY '26 Results Call. I have with me Mr. Girish Wagh, Managing
Director and CEO; G.V. Ramanan, CFO; and the Investor Relations team. So I'll first walk you through the
results presentation, and this will be followed by Q&A.

[Operator Instructions] And with that, I hand over to Mr. G.V. Ramanan.
G.V. Ramanan
Thank you, Sneha. To the next slide, please. Before we get into the numbers, just a quick word on the
presentation format. Demerger being effective from 1st of October 2025. Tata Motors is now a pure-click
commercial vehicle companies. And this is a defining shift. It changes how we think is most appropriate to
present our financials.

Historically, we reported a CV segment, which was an internal construct that carved out CV operations
from within the erstwhile combined entity. That was a practical necessity then. Starting this quarter,
we are presenting stand-alone financials, including joint operations in Tata Cummins as our primary
lens. This gives you a cleaner, more complete more directly comparable picture of the business going
forward. Operating segment is the CV segment, comprising TML and subsidiaries. It's now included in the
consolidated financial statements.

Go to the next page, please. FY '26 is a year of strong execution across product, market and strategic
initiatives. One of the key highlights included: we launched 17 new Next-Generation Trucks at the start
of Q4. And earlier in the year around June, we launched the Ace Pro, which is positioned as India's most
affordable full wheel mini-trucks. In February, we achieved a significant milestone by securing the largest
ever order for 70,000 units, Yoddha and Ultra T.7 vehicles for Indonesia. We also secured orders 5,000
buses from multiple use, supporting India's mass mobility transformation.

Collecting our focus on operational excellence, Pantnagar plant received the Golden Peacock Award for
quality, and we also won multiple honors, the Apollo CV awards 2026.

Go to the next page, please. Going to the major strategic and corporate development during the
quarter, on the Iveco transaction, all -- most of the regulatory approvals have been secured, and we are
actively pursuing the remaining approval. We expect a transaction closure by Q2 FY '27. The Board has
recommended a final dividend of INR 4 per share, and this is subject to shareholder approval. This will
result in a cash outflow of close to INR 1,500 crores.

And go to the next page, please. Let me now take you through the full year financial picture. And I think
the headline really does say it, consistent growth across every metric that matters. Starting with the top
line, revenue came in at INR 77,000 crores for FY '26, up from INR 66,000 crores in FY '23. Our revenue
improved 11% Y-o-Y in FY '26. The underlying demand trajectory has been firmly upward.

While I'm really pleased with our margin story, EBITDA margins have expanded from 7.8% in '23, 13.2%
in FY '26. That's nearly 550 bps of structural improvement over 3 years, not a quarterly -- just not a 1-
quarter phenomenon. In absolute terms, EBITDA has doubled from INR 5,100 to INR 10,200 crores now.

PBT before exceptional items stands at INR 8,700 crores and is very robust. We crossed the double-digit
EBIT margin for the first time at 11%. This is the result of operating leverage playing out as we scale,
combined with cost discipline, improved realization, and we've maintained across all the business.

What I also wanted to draw your attention to is the chart we're particularly proud of is the bottom left
panel on noncyclical revenue growth. Over the period, noncyclical CAGR is running at 2.7x, a cyclical
CAGR. We've been deliberately building this mix, and this is now showing up meaningfully in the numbers.
On capital allocation, free cash flow generation was approximately INR 9,200 crores in FY '26. That's about
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                               4
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 13, 2026



12% of revenue. And even after investing INR 2,800 crores back into the business, we remain strongly
cash generative.

Finally, the auto ROCE runs at 72% is an industry-leading report and EBIT doubles, capital discipline holds
returns follow. That's the flywheel working as intended.

Next page, please. We saw a strong volume momentum across product lines in FY '26. Q4, wholesale
reached close to 131.8 units, a 25% year-on-year increase. For the full year, total volume stood at
428,000 units, registering a 14% increase Y-o-Y. Looking at the product lines, in Q4 FY '26, all of them
registered a double-digit growth on a Y-o-Y basis in Q4. International business continues its growth
trajectory with a Y-o-Y growth at 17% in Q4 and 54% for the full year FY '26, mainly led by the SAP
countries.

Next page, please. This slide represents the summary of stand-alone financials of Tata Motors, including
the joint operations with Tata Cummins. Revenue for Q4 reached INR 24,500 crores, marking a 22% Y-o-Y
increase due to continued quarter-on-quarter ASP improvement driven by pricing discipline and favorable
mix.

EBITDA margin expanded steadily through the year and exited Q4 at 13.9%, up 130 bps Y-o-Y. This is the
11th consecutive quarter of double-digit EBITDA margin delivery. EBIT margin for Q4 stood at 5.1% with
FY '26, closing EBIT at double digit as well, another important milestone for the business.

All 4 vehicular business delivered healthy margin and improved unit economics. Noncyclical business
continued to grow at nearly 1.6x the cyclical business, supporting the overall profitability for the company.
The full year profit before tax and exceptional items rose to INR 8,700 crores, an increase of INR 2,700
crores compared to last year. As PAT almost entirely translated into free cash flow, disciplined working
capital management for the full year, free cash flow was INR 9,200 crores. It is 12% of revenue. This led
to a year-end net cash position of INR 7,500 crores as of March 31, 2026.

Moving over to the Q4 EBIT walk. The EBIT margin expanded to 12.1%, up 220 bps Y-o-Y, while PBT
before exceptional items increased to approximately INR 3,000 crores. Higher volume mix, price
realization together contributed nearly 250 basis points of EBIT margin improvement. Variable cost impact
of 50 bps on account of elevated material costs due to inflation in key commodities, including steel,
aluminum and copper. We also continued to see pressure from precious metals and certain important
components during the quarter.

In terms of other costs, lower depreciation and product development impact contributed positively by INR
102 crores. Additional benefit from PLI and incentive benefit was approximately INR 25 crores. Overall,
despite commodity headwinds, business delivered another quarter of strong structural margin expansion
run by higher volume, better mix and improved realization.

Moving on to the cash flow now. As mentioned earlier, our free cash flow is growing consistently over
the years. Full year FCF for the company stood at INR 9,200 crores. Performance was driven by strong
operating profitability, efficient working capital management, controlled CapEx execution and lower finance
costs. Working capital remained very well controlled with trade receivables at INR 376 crores, inventory
burn of INR 690 crores. This was largely due to strategic inventory that we built up towards year end in
the context of the ongoing geopolitical development. Payable and acceptance, with the release of INR
2,057 crores.

Let me also take a moment to acknowledge the fact that this FCF is also taking into consideration tax
payment, which we did not have in the prior years. Our cash conversion cycle is best-in-class at negative
31 days. It means the business continues to be self-funding on working capital.

Moving to investment spending. For FY '26 was approximately INR 3,000 crores, and this remained fully
aligned with our planned road map. Total R&D expenditure amounted to approximately INR 1,700 crores.
Capital expenditure and other investments totaled approximately INR 1,100 crores. For FY '27, we expect
investments to remain broadly in a similar range. Our investment spends have been consistent with the
guided range of 2% to 4% of revenue and growth and tech investments have always been prioritized.

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                             5
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 13, 2026



Moving on to the consolidated financials. The slide presents a summary of consolidated financial,
encompassing both automotive and the nonautomotive subsidiaries. For Q4, consolidated revenue stood at
INR 26,100 crores, and EBITDA margin for the quarter came in at 13.1. While PBT before exceptional item
was INR 2,400 crores, on a full year basis as well, consolidated performance remained very strong.

Revenue for FY '26 reached approximately INR 84,000 crores and the EBITDA margin continued to
improve steadily through the year, closing at 12.3%. Consolidated free cash flow in Q4 was particularly
strong at approximately INR 8,000 crores. This also included advanced receipts related to Indonesia order.
As a result, strong operating performance, disciplined cash management, year-end consolidated net cash
improved significantly to approximately INR 13,700 crores. And this was INR 4,000 crores in Slide 25.
With that, for business update, I'll now hand this over to Girish. Over to you, Girish.
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
Thank you, Ramanan. So let's begin with the market share. I think the market share has been trending
upward. And VAHAN market share improved sequentially with measurable gains in [indiscernible] vans,
that is CV passenger and SCV pickup. Heavy commercial vehicles continued to consolidate its position. And
in fact, in HCVs, we posted our highest offtake market share in a decade. So I think overall, the market
share story has been strong in Q4 for the year gone by.

Next. On the fleet indicators, transporter profitability, fleet utilization actually held at healthy levels
through the year. This is based on our fleet age data tracking almost 1 million vehicles. And this indicates
sustained freight activity. Transporter profitability remained resilient, which continues to support new
vehicle purchases. Diesel is the single largest operating cost for a transporter and therefore, is a key
monitorable as we enter FY '27. Going ahead. As I've said, H1 was muted, weighted down mainly by
Operation Sindoor-related sentiment and early monsoon onset that compressed activity costs of the
market.

But H2 staged a clear recovery driven by the GST 2.0 led consumption demand. And Q4 was clearly
the standout quarter of the year. As we see, the demand fundamentals actually remain intact. As far as
volume is concerned, the offtake TIV grew 19% Y-o-Y in Q4. While Tata Motors volumes outpaced the
industry at 25% Y-o-Y growth. For FY '26, the TIV growth was 12.5%, and it marked the highest ever
annual volume, whereas Tata Motors grew 11.6% Y-o-Y.

The Freight Index edged up quarter-on-quarter through Q4 on the back of firm consumption, softened a
bit in March and April. E-way bill generation grew 15% on a Y-o-Y basis in Q4, in fact, accelerated to 19%
Y-o-Y growth in March 2026. April 2026 continued in positive territory at 12% Y-o-Y growth, which, in our
view, is a reliable proxy for the underlying freight activity. Diesel sales rose 8% Y-o-Y to 8.7 million tonnes
in March, reflecting strong commercial activity. April was at around 8.3 million tonnes, which is 0.25% Y-o-
Y growth. Fastrack transaction volumes remained flat in both March and April.

On the supply side, we did see for international business lesser transit delays, which were then proactively
managed and exposure to affected transshipment hubs like Dubai, Doha, has been contained. We
undertook a structured review of more than 130 Tier 1 suppliers for energy dependence, especially
LPG and their supply chain resilience. We completed this exercise and have taken quite a few actions to
improve the supply chain resilience.

Export plans for the Middle East and North Africa region have been recalibrated in response to the evolving
Middle East situation. And it will be prudent to say that the sentiment remains cautious and is being
monitored very closely.

Coming to the businesses. In trucks, we strengthened our product offerings with the launch of the Azura
range in ILMCV, and of course, HCV, we launched a few of new trucks with higher payload and higher fuel
efficiency. Now our entire truck range actually meets the stringent European safety standards on all the
cabins.


Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                6
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 13, 2026



In buses, we enter FY '27 with a solid government order book, avoiding near-term volume visibility. In
SCV pickup, we broadened our lineup with Ace LNT and Intra EV launches, and this helped therefore, to
improve the volume growth in Q4.

In the parts and service business, we are able to sustain the higher growth trajectory. And in fact, I must
mention that for the diesel exhaust fluid, which needs technical grade urea, there was a significant support
from the government to ensure that sufficient quantity is made available and vehicles keep running in an
uninterrupted manner.

In Smart City, we now have more than 3,815 cumulative buses, e-buses deployed with almost 59 crore
kilometers under the belt, and we continue to deliver more than 96% of time. In the Fleet Edge business,
subscription renewals almost doubled from Q1 to Q4 with launch of new value propositions during the
year.

On the sustainability side, very happy to note -- happy to report that we had the highest ever EV retail
in Q4 since the FAME incentives have been discontinued. Also on the back of the new products that
we've launched, including Intra EV. In trucks, we signed an agreement with BillionE Mobility and initiated
deliveries of the 55-tonne electric tractor. And we work closely with the customers to actually deploy
these vehicles in their duty cycles. We also signed an MOU with the VOC port in Tamil Nadu for supplying
and doing trials of 40 hydrogen H2 ICE trucks. We have additionally received orders for around 250 new
[indiscernible] buses.

Going ahead, in Q1, for trucks, the priority is to drive growth through the NY '26 -- the model year '26
portfolio as also the higher payload variance and the increasing battery electric vehicle portfolio. In buses,
the focus is on rebuilding market share on a profitable basis, while converting the government tender
pipeline into supplies.

For small commercial vehicles, the objective is to sustain the volume momentum from Ace Pro, Ace and
Intra and build on the market share gains achieved in the later half of FY '26. For parts and services, the
goal is to step up the growth to portfolio broadening and a fully digitalized demand and supply chain. We
are cautiously looking at near-term headwinds, especially the commodity headwinds, which I already see a
few questions being asked about and a subdued sentiment in Middle East and North Africa.

Needless to add, I think diesel prices will remain a very, very key monitorable. But I think despite all this
external noise, actually, the freight availability and the demand fundamentals remain robust. And with our
refreshed product portfolio, I think we are placed well to manage this particular external headwind that we
are seeing.
So that's the summary from our side. We'll get into question and answers now.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              7
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 13, 2026




Question and Answer
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
The first question is from Kapil from Nomura. What is the growth outlook for MCVs, LCVs in FY '27? And
how much risk do you see to this from fuel price hikes? And do you think it will be a more back-ended H2
FY '27 growth? Okay. And then maybe I'll take the next question.
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
So Kapil, on the growth outlook, see, the April volumes have also been good for the industry and that
we have seen a healthy double-digit growth in April. We have now been through almost half of May. And
actually, the momentum, as I said, the underlying demand fundamentals are still there. As I said, I think
we are monitoring all the external factors, especially the diesel prices, which will have significant impact
on how the market pans out because diesel will have at least 30% to 50% impact on the total cost of
ownership.

And I think at this point of time, I would say that we will have to take quarter-by-quarter rather than
projecting for the whole year with the kind of event that we are challenged with. And I would say,
therefore, that despite this, we should see a single-digit growth, if not more, in Q1. I think that's what
I would like to say at this juncture with regard to the growth outlook. And as we get in touch, again,
probably we will be more wiser or this event would have been -- become more clearer for us to give a
longer-term visibility.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
The next question from Kapil itself, but a lot of other people have also asked the same question is around
commodity cost pressures. So how much of it is expected in Q1? How much of it is getting passed on? And
what will be the competitive intensity like and the impact on margins? What will be the drivers for margins
from here?
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
Okay. So I think the commodity bids are certainly serious. And we've already seen around 100-basis point
impact in Q4. Beyond the impact in Q4, we have also seen significantly higher impact being seen in Q1,
which is the quarter that we are in now. Now to address this, we have taken a 2% price increase the
month of April. But we have decided to not pass on the entire commodity increases. And we will work on
the cost levers. So we don't want to impact the demand momentum by passing on the entire commodity
increases. So we will work on the cost side, expense side to manage to financials.
As far as margin drivers are concerned, Kapil, and since a few others have asked this question, I would
say clearly, it will remain the same whether these commodity headwinds are there or not, which is about
going on improving the value proposition for the customer. And the second one is, I think, keep managing
the costs, expenses and expenditure, which is controllable and in our hand. I think that's what I would say
as far as the margins are concerned.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
So next question from Nishit of Axis. When will we start executing the orders of 70,000 units to Indonesia?
And will the entire order get delivered in FY '27 itself?
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                8
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 13, 2026



So we have progressed well on the Indonesia order. I'm pleased to tell you that we already have the
product collocated in Indonesia. And our first shipment is already on the sea. And we will actually ramp up
the supplies quite rapidly. I think we will probably talk about it as we go ahead and meet again in quarters
ahead in terms of what is going to be the actual delivery time line. But of course, we are trying to ramp up
the deliveries pretty fast.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Thank you. Sir Ramanan, maybe this one coming your way. What are the key reasons for delay in closure
of the Iveco deal? Earlier, we were expecting closure by April, May. And how are you looking at the
acquisition of a 6% to 7% stake in Iveco by an activist hedge fund from the market? How can this impact
our deal closure or deal value?
G.V. Ramanan
Yes. So I think good question, Nishit. As you know, Iveco has a strong global footprint, right, and getting
approvals from various regulators is time consuming. But despite that, I think we have received almost
all the approvals, barring the last 2 pencil regulatory approvals because of France and Spain. We are
working towards closing this at the earliest, and we expect this to kind of spill into Q2, and that's where
our time line for deal closure is going to be Q2. On the second part of the question, in terms of the --
on the investor, I think we are confident that the Iveco investor would see value in our offer and would
support the deal.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Thank you. Next question is from Pramod Amthe, InCred. ASPs have been dropping by and by, is it
because of discounting trends or is it because of change in product mix?
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
Also yes. Pramod, I'm happy that you've asked this question because actually, we have also engaged --
we had also engaged offline with some of you to explain this. So actually, see, the ASPs are not producing.
Segment by segment, actually, the ASPs are increasing. And in fact, in trucks, there is a healthy increase
in ASPs on a Y-o-Y basis. The key reason for this drop wherein if you divide the revenue or the turnover
with the number of vehicles sold is essentially due to the increase in number of vans in our portfolio in the
volumes. And compared to last year, we hardly have any electric buses being sold this year. This alone is
one very important reason for the change that one has seen in terms of the ASPs.

And as we go ahead, when we have electric buses coming back into the volumes and also have electric
vehicles sold in some of the other product lines, actually, we will see a positive impact on the ASPs.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
From Pramod itself, a couple of other questions. Can you talk about segment-wise drivers and challenges
for FY '27? And in SCVs, with the new launches of EVs and LNT, has the cost economics turn favorable to
ease the onslaught of 3-wheelers?
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
So I think let me, Pramod, first answer the second question because it is a really good question. So as
a part of this quarterly connect, I have engaged with most of the financials, both banks and NBFCs. And
invariably, I've heard about improvement in the asset quality for all of them in SCV pickup. And actually,
the answer to your question is actually, yes, wherein you've asked whether with the launch of new LNT, et
cetera, whether the cost economies have turned favorable. Yes, I think at least the quality -- asset quality
for these vehicles has improved significantly for the financials.
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                               9
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 13, 2026



With EV, launches of new EV, yes, I think the operating economics are becoming quite favorable with 2
products, especially one is Ace Pro and second is the Intra. And therefore, we are seeing a good pull for
these vehicles.

Now your question about segment-wise drivers and challenges for FY '27, see, I would suggest that we
actually go quarter-by-quarter, which is what I answered to Kapil also. And frankly, at this juncture, we
don't see any drop in rate availability. The real challenge in our view -- the first immediate challenge is
going to be what happens to the diesel prices, and that's something that we need to monitor. I think the
freight availability probably continues to be there across all the segments. Raghu has also asked?
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Yes. I think most of the ones which Raghu has said have been covered. But I've got a question on --
separately on WhatsApp. So maybe I'll read that out. This is from Gunjan Gofa. Can you talk about truck
operator sentiment on ground more recently? What is your experience of past fuel price increases tell you
about the industry cycle? What variables matter more from a cycle perspective? Does replacement cycle
still play out, given the aging of trucks?
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
Okay. So actually, Gunjan, we have stopped doing that sentiment study, which I used to report every
quarter. We are actually revisiting the entire methodology to make it more relevant to the current market
conditions. And probably once we restart, we will come back on that. But if I were to put together some
anecdotes and, therefore tell you, I think amongst the fleet owners, diesel prices and how they pan
out will -- is actually one of the big question mark. And due to that, I think at times, the customers are
postponing their purchase decision-making maybe closer towards the month end. But this is something
which I think the fleet owners, the customers are going through, largely on the heavy side.

As you go down towards smaller vehicles, I think the uncertainty is lower is what I would say, which also
probably indicates freight availability as we go down. And in fact, we have also seen for the whole of last
year, SCV pickup and ILMCV. ILMCV is 5 tonnes to 19 tonnes, have actually showed the highest growth
rates. And we continue to see that even in this particular quarter. So I think that's what I can answer right
now in terms of sentiment, Gunjan. What was the second question?
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Does replacement cycles still play out, given the aging of trucks?
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
Yes. I think the -- I've been saying this for true replacement being -- happening on ground. That means
a truck being taken out from the system and then replaced by new truck. I should see a good number of
trucks coming to our scrappage centers. But actually, that still doesn't happen. Yes, it may be true that we
are not available at all the locations, but we are already there at 11 locations. I think the inflow continues
to be low and therefore, in my view, the fleet owners do replace the trucks after 4 to 6 years, after the
warranty period is over.

But I think it changes hands and then it continues to remain in usage for smaller duty cycles, lower
distances, lighter loads or whatever. But I think some of these trucks continue to be there. But if I were
to answer your question, only for the large fleet owners who replace their vehicles after 6 years -- 4 to 6
years, I think -- we have been working on that data. I would say that at least probably 40% of the volume
was related to these large fleet owners replacing their trucks with new ones.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                               10
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 13, 2026



So just -- I believe we are having a technical glitch, and people are not able to post the questions online.
So I'm getting them via e-mails so I will be reading out as they come. So the next question, again from
Gunjan. Does the mid-teens EBITDA margin guide hold despite cost headwinds?
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
So Gunjan, whatever I answered to Kapil and then Pramod holds good. I think at this juncture, we will
have to go really quarter-by-quarter. And let me tell you, I think the commodity inflation, which has
happened, including rupee devaluation, it's quite severe. And we are trying to ride it out. And as I said,
obviously, we have not passed on the whole increases. It's out of question because we don't want to
completely destroy or disturb the demand growth momentum. We have increased our cost side efforts and
our endeavor will be to continue delivering good margins.
G.V. Ramanan
And if I may just add in, just a correction, Gunjan, our guidance was teens and not mid-teens.
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
Next.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Yes. So international growth guidance, given the uncertainty in neighboring markets.
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
I think I did answer this question in response to questions from Pramod. But just to recap, I think we
do see some pressure in Sri Lanka, especially because of reduced availability of fuel prices going up. We
do see some impact in Middle East because, of course, the war is happening there. So we have had no
shipments to Middle East in the last 2 months. We are trying to find out alternate routes or logistics to
ensure that the vehicles can reach there. So that's what I see the impact right now, but we are trying to
recover this through increase in volumes in other markets. And here, the Indonesia order is also coming
to our rescue. So I would say that even in international market, we will have to take it more quarter-by-
quarter approach in view of the uncertainties.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
I think we've now resolved the glitch, so you can please post your questions on the chat itself. But in the
meanwhile, while that comes, Sir Ramanan, sir, a question for you. Is there any clarity on the financing
structure for Iveco?
G.V. Ramanan
I think as we had shared earlier. Our initial plan for financing is going to be through a bridge loan and the
subsequent refinancing at this point of time, all options are open. So we've kept both equity and debt still
open. And I think closer to date, we will finalize the percentage of equity or debt.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Okay.
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director


Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                             11
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 13, 2026



Sneha, there is a question from Raghu, which we have missed. He -- I mean quite a few of his questions
we have answered, but there is one question I will take. He -- 2 questions. He has asked, can you please
share Iveco FY '26 financials, excluding defense, if possible?

So, no. And I mean, in fact, they have already released their results in the last week. So you -- I will look
at those. You have asked a question what is supporting market share in tractor trailers, buses and LCVs in
the recent time? So I think very clearly, the new product launches and therefore, the product superiority
is a Tier 1 of the reasons that is supporting this. I think the new products that we launched, whether
it is higher payload, higher fuel efficiency, are clearly -- or the Azura range, I think these are the ones,
which are driving higher traction. I must also say that our strategy at micro segmental level actions is also
helping.
Micro segmental level will be for a geography and a particular end-use segment we are having differing
strategy and also prioritizing amongst those micro segments. So that's something which is helping us.
I must also add that with the customer success centers now deployed across the country at more than
100 dealers, I think our service delivery has improved quite significantly. And a lot of proactive inputs we
are being able to give it to the customers to improve functioning uptime and even sometimes the fuel
efficiency delivery on the vehicles, I would say that all these things put together has helped us to improve
the market share.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Sir, just a clarificatory question on one - sorry? Yes. So this is from -- one moment, please.
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
There's a question from Tom. Ramanan, question.
G.V. Ramanan
I can take that.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
So the question is, regarding the balance Iveco approvals, can you confirm whether the foreign investment
approval in France and change of ownership approval from the Spain is...
G.V. Ramanan
With respect to your question, just to clarify and as I said with the earlier section 2, all approvals have
been secured. What is spending is only the finance regulatory approval, which is from France and Spain.
All FDI approvals have already been received.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Thank you. Yes. So there is a clarificatory question from Aditya. Yes.
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
So Aditya, I think arithmetically, you may be right, but I think the message that I wanted to convey was
with this kind of uncertainty, very difficult to give a very specific number. But still, I think sticking neck out
saying that we will certainly have a single-digit growth in Q1, which is quite good.

Coming to Kapil, your question is about what is the growth outlook for EVs, for LCVs and buses and about
Intra, yes, I think Intra EV has got price position very, very well and is at a very good spot and therefore,
there is quite a bit of a demand which we have seen for intra EV.

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                12
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 13, 2026



Regarding your point about supply challenges. So Kapil, this is just the second month of production since
we started, and we have a plan to ramp it up gradually as we go ahead, and we are sure that we will be
able to meet the demand. In terms of EV penetration that we can expect in LCVs, I will say that, Kapil, for
the whole of last year, our penetration in SCV pickup of EVs was around 4%. But if you look at towards
the end of the year, especially last 1 or 2 months, this penetration has actually peaked to -- picked up to
around 7%. So we do expect the penetration to be in this higher single-digit zone.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
The next question from Nishit. In H2 FY '26, M&HCV demand panned out way too strong compared to
expectations. Any color what drove the same -- or whether this was addition of capacity by fleet operators
or replacement demand? And how much of was the role of stronger-than-expected pent-up demand in
tippers? And does the strong growth in H2 make you cautious on FY '27 demand apart from the other
near-term concerns? Or do you think there are more growth drivers?
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
So I think H2 FY '26 growth was clearly driven by increasing consumption. I think that was very different
driver and that led to higher freight being made available. And that translated into new purchases. So
those new purchases could be either to add capacity or for replacement both. I mean I also answered
Gunjan's question on what could be the likely replacement by the fleet owners. So that's where we are.

And I think, see, separately, you guys only have asked a question that M&HCV or HCV volumes are still
lower than FY '19 peak in volume terms, then I answer that [indiscernible] terms, we are higher. So
frankly, still there is a headroom. If -- and I've been saying, I mean, generally, one algorithm or one
equation, correlation seems to be emerging, that if the GDP growth is somewhere around X, and closer to
that is also the CAGR in freight -- road freight BTKM. And as road freight keeps on increasing, we will see
addition of capacity, even in M&HCV.

As far as tippers is concerned, I must say that post rainy season, that is September, there has been a
significant uptick even in tippers, which is because I think the infrastructure activity also picked up. So
that's something that we have seen. We are still seeing good demand, good pull for the tippers. But of
course, we will now shortly be entering into the rainy season, which is typically a very low demand season
for tippers. And maybe after that, we'll be in a position to then give better visibility of what's likely to
happen in H2.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Some questions that we've got by e-mail. Can you tell us a little bit more about what's happening in the
EV bus market? Why were we not participating or...
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
Yes. So see, in the electric bus tenders, we have participated in the last 2 CSL tenders. And I think in the
first one out of those, we were close to L2 in one of the sub part of that entire tender. And the second
tender -- I think the tender has just got opened yesterday. I think across, we see 2 things. One is the
government has addressed our requirement of payment security mechanism and also asset-light model,
which is there. But in our view and with more than 50 crore kilometers under the belt more than 3,300,
3,400 buses, I think the current set of ports which are coming are, in our view, unsustainable. So we are,
therefore, going in a very prudent manner in this particular business.

But let me add, I think we have been also pretty active on promoting electric bus travel now in corporates,
especially for employee travel. We are also engaging with some customers for other applications, intra
city, intercity -- mostly intercity, sorry, for -- and this, we believe, will also start bringing some volume to
us. So that's where we are in terms of electric buses.

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              13
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 13, 2026



Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Thank you. Ramanan, a couple of questions coming your way. This one is from Amyn of JPMorgan.
Historically, we have seen very large working capital inflow in 4Q, which leads to a disproportionate
increase in FCF. This time, the seasonality seems to be weaker in this regard. Anything to call out here?
And the second question is on the CapEx guidance for FY '27, whether there are any specific areas of
investment that we are looking at.
G.V. Ramanan
I think a good question on the cash. I mean, as you are aware, CV business is very cyclical in nature.
Historically, we have experienced working capital burn quarter-on-quarter with Q4 being an exception.
But I think FY '26 with our sustained focus on disciplined working capital management, the large things
historically concentrated in Q4 have been more evenly managed through the year, resulting in a more
stable, predictable and consistent cash flow. So on a YTD basis, post Q2, we've been consistently positive
which was not how it was historically.

Coming to your question on CapEx, I think for the last couple of years, we've been giving guidance on
CapEx of 2% to 4% of revenue, and we've been very consistent in meeting that. In FY '26 also, we are
well within the guidance. And despite this gap, I think our focus on investment in priority areas, new
technology has always been prioritized. So we expect FY '27 also, our guidance would remain similar, 2%
to 4% of revenue.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Yes. I don't think we have any other questions on the call. I think with that, we can conclude the call.
Thank you very much for joining in. And for any other questions, happy to connect offline. Thank you so
much.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                             14
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | MAY 13, 2026



Copyright © 2026 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                     15
Tata Motors Limited NSEI:TMCV
FQ3 2026 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, January 29, 2026 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates
                                                 -FQ3 2026-                                  -FQ4 2026-     -FY 2026-            -FY 2027-

                          CONSENSUS                ACTUAL               SURPRISE              CONSENSUS     CONSENSUS            CONSENSUS

 EPS Normalized                4.47                  5.30                    18.57                   3.73     16.25                19.22

 Revenue (mm)              209652.00              218470.00                  20.70            212717.00     806586.77            884200.07
Currency: INR
Consensus as of Jan-27-2026 11:46 PM GMT




                                                                                   - EPS NORMALIZED -

                                                       CONSENSUS                               ACTUAL                 SURPRISE

           FQ3 2026                                             4.47                                 5.30              18.57 %




COPYRIGHT © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved                                  1
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
Contents




Table of Contents

Call Participants                                     ..................................................................................   3
Presentation                                          ..................................................................................   4
Question and Answer                                   ..................................................................................   8




COPYRIGHT © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved                                         2
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 29, 2026




Call Participants
EXECUTIVES

G.V. Ramanan

Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director

Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                       3
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 29, 2026




Presentation
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Good evening. Welcome to Tata Motors Q3 FY '26 Earnings call. I have with me Mr. Girish Wagh, Managing
Director and CEO; G.V. Ramanan, CFO and the Investor Relations team. Today, we'll walk you through the
results presentation followed by Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Now I hand over to Mr. G.V. Ramanan. Over
to you sir.
G.V. Ramanan
Thanks, Sneha. Good evening everyone. For the standards Safe Harbour statement, I would like to draw
your attention to last para on the left side. We've had a few exceptional items this quarter. And just if you
look at it, the impact has been on account of new labor code, which is impacting us by around INR 603
crores. Merger cost has been around INR 960 crores, and both these are going to be onetime for us. We
don't expect this on a recurring basis, it's an exceptional item. And we also have an acquisition cost, which
is part of our IVECO acquisition of around INR 82 crores. Impact of all of these and other items stood at
around INR 1,500 crores in our stand-alone financials and at INR 1,600 crores in our consolidated.

Key highlights for Q3. As you can see, our IVECO acquisition is progressing as planned with all the
regulatory approvals anticipated to be received by end March. And as we laid out the time line earlier,
the deal should get finalized by Q1 FY '27. On the business front, a very eventful and exciting last week,
wherein we had launched around 17 new next-gen trucks. And I think we want to take the fizz out of it,
Girish will share more in part of the business update.

We broadened our portfolio with the introduction of Prima 3540.K, our most powerful tipper at EXCON
2025. Also showcased our new Euro 6 range in our growing markets in Middle East and North Africa. We
delivered the cutting-edge Prima, range of electric prime movers to Enviiro wheel driving advancement
clearly in progressing on the zero-emission trucking. And with a view to strengthen India's LNG trucking
ecosystem partnered with THINK gas.

Can we go to the next slide. Looking at the overall Q3 wholesale performance. This slide clearly details by
period and product line. In Q3, the wholesale reached 116.8K units, a 20% Y-o-Y increase over last year.
All the product lines registered a growth on a Y-o-Y basis with HCV, ILMCV and SCV registering a double-
digit growth. HCV grew at 23%, ILMCV around 26%, small commercial vehicle grew at 15% and our CV
passenger business grew at 4% on a Y-o-Y basis. International business continued its growth trajectory
with a Y-o-Y growth at 70%, mainly led by SAARC and [indiscernible] and sub-Saharan Africa countries,
especially Sri Lanka, which is kind of coming back as the economy is bouncing back.

Go to the next page, please. On the Q3 financial highlights, revenue for Q3 reached INR 21,533 crores,
marking a 17% year-over-year increase, primarily driven by higher volumes. Margins continued to expand
with EBITDA rising to 30 basis points. In the same quarter last year, there was an impact of maiden PLI
gain of INR 169 crores, which had an impact of 90 basis points. I'm also pleased to share that this is the
10th consecutive quarter of double-digit EBITDA margin delivery.

The CV segment also achieved the milestone of a double-digit EBIT margin for the first time, which now
stands at 10.6%. The profit before tax and exceptional items rose to INR 2,300 crores, an increase of INR
600 crores compared to last year. And we recorded the exceptional items in this quarter, which I have
already shared with you as part of the Safe Harbor. The free cash flow was strong in Q3 at approximately
INR 4,800 crores, outperforming the corresponding quarter last year. As of December '25, net cash stands
strong at INR 3,900 crores, providing momentum for future growth.

We go to the next page, please. The financial highlights on a year-to-date basis, revenue for YTD
December reached approximately INR 57,000 crores, representing a 6% Y-o-Y increase. EBITDA margins
improved to 12.4%, rise of 80 bps compared to the previous year, while EBIT margin increased to 10.1%,

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                               4
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 29, 2026



which is a 130 basis points improvement year-on-year. Profit before tax and before exceptional items was
INR 5,600 crores, reflecting a growth of approximately INR 1,200 crores compared to the prior year.

Company achieved a strong YTD cash flow performance to date, generating around INR 5,200 crores
in FCF. Return on capital employed continued its upward trajectory and stood at a robust 53% as of
December '25, supported by higher profitability. Investment expenditure amounts to INR 2,000 crores,
which has been pretty consistent with the guidance provided earlier.

Next page, please. Now where did all this come from? So this is the EBIT walk. The PBT rose by INR 610
crores Y-o-Y, mainly due to higher volumes and better realization. Material and other costs increased
largely on account of precious metal volatility and fixed cost savings were lower largely due to D&A
coming down by around INR 193 crores and partly offset by a INR 120 crore increase in employee costs
due to an annual wage or salary inflation.

PLI and other incentives were down by INR 75 crores. As I shared, last year, we had taken a onetime
accrual gain as first FY '24 and '25 was accrued together. So last year, it was around INR 169 crores basis
receipt of the PLI claims which had come through. Now this has been partially offset by a gain on EPCG
incentive accrual in Q3 FY '26. Overall, EBIT margin improved by 100 bps due to stronger net realization,
model mix and fixed cost savings.

Go to the next page, please. Cash flow has been strong and consistent in Q3. We generated a cash
of around close to INR 4,800 crores. The achievement was driven by strong cash PAT and significant
working capital reversal owing to increased offtake and consequently higher production level. Strong FCF
performance and a continued net cash position led to a net finance cost gain of around INR 27 crores
compared to a charge of INR 125 crores in Q3 last year.

Year-to-date FCF stands at INR 5,200 crores with a robust cash profit after tax of INR 6,300 crores,
controlled capital expenditure and a much lower interest expenses. Disciplined working capital
management helped unlock working capital gain on a YTD basis also. With Q4 typically our strongest
quarter still ahead of us, we will continue to strengthen cash flows.

Next slide. On a consolidated basis, Q3 revenue reached INR 21,800 crores with an underlying EBITDA
margin of 12.5% and profit before tax and before exceptional items of INR 2,600 crores. Q3 PBT reflects
a mark-to-market gain of INR 295 crores on our investment in Tata Capital as against a loss of INR 2.35K
crores in Q2. On a consolidated basis, net cash stood at INR 6,100 crores. The CV business continues to
demonstrate resilience and is well positioned to capitalize on upcoming growth.

With this, I now hand this over to Girish to take you through the business slides. Over to Giri.
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
Thank you, Ramanan. And on the first page itself, first slide, you see the range of electric trucks that we
launched. This last week, on 20th, we launched 7-tonne, 9-tonne, 12-tonne, also a 28-tonne and 55-tonne
trucks and tippers in the electric category. In fact, as I also mentioned, we have been working very closely
with the customers for very specific deployment of each of these vehicles. I think also very important is
these trucks have been developed on this Intelligent Modular Electric Vehicle architecture, which consists
of modular based platforms, which we use on ICE also. In addition to that, modular battery packs, in-
house battery management systems and e-axles that we have developed, which give us good flexibility to
deliver solutions that meet specific requirements and also ranges.

Going to the next slide. In addition to the electric trucks, we also launched -- let me go one by one,
almost 17 new trucks, which also included those 5 electric on the first slide. So we introduced the Azura
series, which is a completely new platform launch for ILMCV segment, right from 7 tonnes to 19 tonnes.
It gives state-of-the-art cabin, walk-through features with comfort and convenience required for long-
distance travel. I spoke about the EV trucks. The left-hand side at the bottom, you can see the launch of
all the truck cabins that meet the European safety standards R29 03, with which I think we bring higher
safety on the roads, especially for the occupants, which is the drivers.

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                               5
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 29, 2026



And I think also something that all the transporters look forward to, which is increased payload as well as
increased fuel efficiency in the multi-axle rigid trucks and also tractors is something we have delivered or
launched in the Heavy Commercial Vehicle segment. So those were the new launches, which cover almost
entire range and the most important expectations or requirements of the customers.

Moving on. So on market share, I think there was 100 bps recovery from Q2 to Q3, essentially led by
strong growth in commercial vehicle, which is for us 3-axle and above trucks, 28-tonne and above.
Intermediate, light, medium, which is 7 tonnes -- 5 tonne to 19 tonnes also saw a fair bit of recovery. SCV
and CV passenger, I think both the shares kind of remained same over the previous quarter at 26.3 and
35.9, respectively.
Going next. In terms of fleet utilization, I think post GST, one has seen increased demand, especially
in specific sectors like auto, consumer durables, et cetera. And that has, therefore, led to increase in
utilization of HCV cargo. Infrastructure projects also getting back on track post the rainy season, extended
rainy season. The tippers also are seeing higher utilization. MCV cargo, ICV trucks also doing well due to
e-commerce and the Manufacturing segment uptick also as LCV buses continue to do well as we see.

I think, more importantly, over a period of 3 years, there has been a significant improvement in the fleet
utilization. As you know, this is actually based on the data that we have internally, based on around 1
million fleet edge installations in trucks and buses. Based on some other data points, we have seen that
the freight rates have also firmed up. And in fact, we've seen in rigid trucks, in heavy, medium as well as
intermediate commercial vehicles, one has seen a 2% to 5% growth in freight rates post GST 2.0. And
therefore, has led to some improvement in the transporter profitability, especially in the segments that I
spoke about.

I think also very important to note is the diesel consumption continues to be at a high level and has grown
Y-o-Y. More importantly, the E-way bills rose almost 23% December on a Y-o-Y basis. It also indicates
availability of higher freight or one can also say the higher number of trips.

Going on, specifically by segments and trucks, the trucks, I think the segment grew significantly after a
flat H1. Our volumes grew by 24.2% with HCV at 23.2% and ILMCV growing at 26%. All the segments
have also witnessed a quarter-on-quarter improvement in sentiment index. And sentiment index is a
combination of satisfaction with the current state of business and how do the transporters expect the
future state of business. And this is also essentially led by increase in demand in certain sectors post GST
rate rationalization.

There was a strong inventory buildup also happening in certain sectors. Generally, after monsoon, the
infrastructure activity has gone up. I have already spoken about freight rates, how they have inched up,
which also augurs well as we go ahead. In buses, I think we have seen a strong momentum now with
multiple tender wins accounting to total almost 6,000 units which we will now deliver over a period of next
10 to 12 months. Notable amongst these have been the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation,
Gujarat State, Northwest Karnataka, Telangana, I think these are some of the tenders that we have won.
These are all ICE buses.

We've also seen private segment volume growth, specifically in MCV buses, but also more in our vans, that
is Magic and Winger. And while we had bid for the earlier 10,000 tender, we are also going to bid for the
new 6,300 CESL tender that has come up. In addition to that, we have also been bidding for the small,
small tenders, which have been coming outside CESL. On the small vehicles, we had new launches. Of
course, first, Ace Pro which happened towards the end of Q2. In Q3, we launched the Ace Gold and the
liquid NOx -- Lean NOx Trap technology. I think both have got established well. And in fact, this Ace Gold
Diesel used to be the mainstay of our volumes till BS4 as I've been saying, I think these products have
started picking up volumes and in fact, have been instrumental in volumes.

Our Q3 retails were almost at 45,000, highest since Q1 of FY '24. Going to the other segments. The Parts
& Services business continue healthy double-digit growth on a Y-o-Y basis. In Smart City, we now have,
of course, more than 3,600 buses covered now almost 50 crore kilometers. We continue to deliver uptime
addition of 95%. In terms of decarbonization, almost 280,000 tonnes of CO2 has been reduced with these
buses operating on the roads.
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                6
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 29, 2026



In digital, as a part of Fleet Edge, I think we have come up with a new subscription plans, which are
branded as Lite and Prime. And actually, this also becomes the most attractive value proposition in this
particular industry for logistics. And this has, therefore, led to doubling of the subscription renewals for
Flee Edge. So absolutely on the right track. International business has been doing well.

This year, I think the shipments have grown 70% on a year-on-year basis. And the main contributors have
been SAARC with Sri Lanka coming back on track now. So Sri Lanka has been contributing well, as also
Middle East and North Africa, some of the new markets that we've entered in North Africa, also doing well,
followed by Sub-Saharan Africa.

Next. As we look ahead for Q4, I think Q3 has witnessed a very good uptick in sales momentum. as also
overall sentiment. And I think as the consumption continues to be at a higher level post GST 2.0, leading
to expansion in some of the end-use sectors and infrastructure activity by government, we are looking
at improved levels of demand in Q4 as well across all the segments and also buses demand will increase
now, especially because they are cyclical and do well in Q4 and Q1 of each financial year.

Therefore, going ahead, I think on trucks, the sharp recovery in Q3, we are certainly looking forward to
continue this momentum in trucks. And in fact, with the launch of these 17 new trucks, we will accelerate
the volume growth and increase our presence in all the segments. In buses and vans, as I said, we will
now start deliveries against the strong government tender wins that we have had in the last 2 quarters.
Small commercial vehicles, a clear agenda of volume ramp-up, Ace Pro, Ace as well as Intra.

Parts & Services, international business, both growing well this year, we will look at sustaining the
momentum in this quarter and even ahead. And therefore, overall, we will continue to drive strong
financial performance and consistent delivery of a set of margin -- a set of metrics rather than looking at 1
or 2 metrics in isolation.
So with that, thank you, and over to you, Sneha, for the Q&A.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                7
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 29, 2026




Question and Answer
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Let's start with the Q&A. The first one is from Gunjan, Bank of America. Can you talk about the commodity
inflation impact that we've had in the quarter? And how is it going to be a headwind going ahead? How
significant is it? And have you taken any price hike to offset it? And second, realization has come off. So
I think, Gunjan, you mean ASPs. ASPs have come off quarter-on-quarter despite the better M&HCV mix.
What explains this?
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
Yes. So let me take this. The first one on commodity inflation, we've seen commodity inflation, specifically
on the PGM, the Precious Group Metals, I think these are the first ones where we have seen higher
inflation followed by nonferrous metals led by copper. I think these 2 groups have been the main
headwind, if I may say so. I think the total hit for us Q3 has been around 50 bps.

As we look forward into Q4, these are the same set of commodities, which are posing some headwinds.
And steel prices also in open market have gone up, but this is something, I think, which will continue to be
a point of discussion with the steel mills. We don't know how it is going to play out and maybe from Q1 of
FY '27. So I think in Q4, we are looking at similar kind of an impact due to nonferrous metals and Precious
Group Metals. To mitigate this, we have taken a price increase of 1% in the month of January from 1st
January across the range. And therefore, main purpose of this price increase has been this commodity
inflation.

With regard to your second question, which is the ASPs, I mean, you said realization, but it's more of ASPs
going down. So I think while the HCV numbers have gone up, yes, you're right. But at the same time, the
ILMCV numbers have also gone up, so have the small commercial vehicle numbers have gone up. And
even in buses and vans being a mean quarter for buses, actually, the small van volumes have gone up.
And therefore, net-net, the mix has actually led to the realizations or ASPs going down. But on a Q-on-Q
basis, actually, we have been able to increase the realization.

Now coming to your question on replacement demand. See, while I had said last time that we are trying
to develop some robust understanding on the replacement demand, so we continue to try to do that,
but I can give some more flavor to you. In this quarter, the replacement demand for trucks is most
likely gaining momentum post GST 2.0 because it has prompted the fleet operators to initiate vehicle
replacement that were previously delayed.

The shift has become more financially viable due to lower EMIs resulting from lower initial prices. I must,
however, say that some large operators are still assessing the best approach to input tax credit under
the new GST regime. The tax processes are yet to be fully streamlined. We expect better clarity, much
smoother procedures in FY '27, which can possibly accelerate this replacement activity. Overall, this trend
is likely to support positive cash flow for transporters, maybe improved financing terms and tax benefits
should improve their overall financial position and therefore, maybe push replacement demand.

If I may also add, I think a similar trend is being observed in the Bus segment. where replacement
demand could be a key structural driver with several states actually prioritizing the phased replacement of
aging fleets across both intercity services and within city. This is also likely to support the demand as we
go ahead into the next year. So that's the response, Gunjan, to all your 3 questions.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Next question is from Pramod Amte, and there are 2 sets of questions. So maybe I'll break up one set for
you, Girish, and one for you, Ramanan. So Girish, for you, we've seen market share recovery from low of

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                               8
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 29, 2026



June. What has driven it? And is it sustainable? What are your ambitions for the next 2, 3 years? And how
is the truck operator profitability and health now versus pre-GST? And how is your supply chain to cater
for any demand surprises? And what parts are a challenge?
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
Okay. So Pramod, on market share recovery, as I said, I think, this has been led by heavy commercial
vehicles. And some of the factors. First is the growth in the tipper market where our share is higher. We,
in fact, have driven our shares further higher in tippers because of their revenue salience. We've also had
specific actions in specific micro markets during the quarter, which have also supported market share
recovery.

In terms of what do we see going ahead? I already spoke, I think the new launches that we have done,
they address almost every category or most important categories for logistics and transportation, and that
should help us grow further. In terms of outlook that you've asked for our ambition, I think as we have
said that we are not looking at market share as one metric alone, we are looking at a basket of metrics
now, which indicate profitable growth. It would be market share, at times revenue share as we calculate
internally, it would be profitability, it would be the free cash, et cetera, et cetera. And I think we have,
therefore, ambition to drive this profitable growth agenda. That is the response to the first question.

In terms of truck operator profitability, I think as a response to Gunjan's question, to a large extent, I
think this has got addressed. In terms of supply chain situation, if I may say, I think with increase in
demand across almost all auto sectors, whether it is 2-wheeler, 3-wheeler, cars, commercial vehicles
at some suppliers and specifically in the area of castings, one has seen the capacity bottlenecks being
reached. And therefore, I think there are specific debottlenecking actions which have already initiated in
the supply chain.

While I mentioned castings, I think in some other areas, there could be few more items, but this is what is
the higher level indicator in terms of supply chain capacities at this juncture. We don't expect a surprise as
you have mentioned, because I think there has been a good supply chain mapping, which has been done.
I must, however, add that the rate at which the demand has gone up and therefore, production at all the
OEMs is something which is quite significant, which has led to some stress. There is a working capital
question for Ramanan.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Yes. So the question is -- 2 questions actually. One is what has been your spend on the new product
launches? Does it change your CapEx plans for FY '26 and '27? And on working capital, the release has
been quite big. Is it sustainable?
G.V. Ramanan
Yes. So Pramod, to your question on CapEx, I think our guidance, we continue to remain within the
guidance that we had given. And we have been pretty disciplined in terms of our CapEx spend and without
compromising on the need for new tech. So in terms of CapEx, I think we'll continue to be within our
guidance.

Now coming to your question on cash, I also see Kapil also has a same question on FCF. So I'll probably
combine the 2. We've been working to clearly smoothen the volatility in cash flow and have been FCF
accretive since YTD Q2 this financial year. The strong FCF that you see in this quarter is a clear result of
strong operating profit, efficient working capital management and disciplined spending. And as we kind of
go forward, even on cash flow, we did give a guidance, and we are pretty confident that we will meet the
guidance that we had given on cash flow. And generally, it's a known thing. Always the second half of a
year in a cyclical business like CV is always favorable from a cash standpoint. And we will continue to kind
of watch out for this and maximize. Thank you.
Sneha Gavankar
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                               9
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 29, 2026



Chief Investor Relations Officer
Next question, Girish. There are quite a few questions on the bus business. So I'll just probably combine
all of those. So one is, can you share some color on the growth outlook for the bus business? And recently,
you had mentioned an increase in bus bodybuilding capacity. Can you talk about what is your current
capacity and utilization? And also on the EV buses, how are the bus orders? And would you think of
consolidating all your bus bodybuilding businesses into one entity?
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
Yes. So Jihan, let me first talk of bus business growth. So first of all, I think Q4, Q1 are traditionally high
demand quarters, and that's how we are seeing these 2 quarters. Overall, next year, we should see the
bus business growing at a higher single digit is what we are looking at, at this juncture. In terms of bus
bodybuilding capacity, yes, I did mention about increasing the capacity by debottlenecking. So it is roughly
around 15% increase that we have done in anticipation of higher demand in Q4 and Q1.

Your next question is about allocation of buses. So see, we have 2 bus bodybuilding facilities. One is the
Tata Motors Body Solutions Limited and the second one is Automotive Corporation of Goa Limited. So
one is, generally, there are specific set of models that we do at the 2 entities, although we have a fair bit
of flexibility. To get in efficiencies, we have allocated certain specific models in these 2. As far as EV is
concerned, currently, EVs have been productionized only in Tata Motors Body Solutions Limited. But as
we go ahead, yes, of course, we are going to productionize that in Automotive Corporation of Goa Limited
also. Yes.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
So just staying on the bus business, there's a question from Jinesh as well. How many bus tenders did
Tata Motors win in the recent 10,900 E-buses? Any reason for being cautious as this tender was under PM-
e sewa?
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
Yes. So Jinesh, see, as we have said very clearly, in this tender business, we are going to look at 3
things based on our experience of running these buses in multiple cities. First is the payment security
mechanism, which was addressed in this 10,000-odd tender. We are also looking at an asset-light model,
which was addressed indirectly in this tender, and therefore, we participated through a consortium model.
So in most of our bids, a consortium partner who is a bus operator was front-end, front-face. Part of the
buses, we also bid directly from Smart City.

And there's a third thing that we are looking at, of course, financial prudence. And accordingly, we quoted
in these tenders. We are not L1 in any of these tenders. And I think we will continue to stick to these 3
requirements that I've spoken about is payment security, asset-light and financial prudence. As we go
ahead, we will get more and more knowledge on each one of these 3 and see how we participate in the
tenders. We want to be very patient for this business because this is just the beginning.

As you know, the government has already said that almost close to 850,000 kind of buses will be
converted into electric as we go ahead. And we have a sufficient runway ahead. I think on one hand, we
are building a very strong, stable business of running these buses, create robust systems in place and
therefore, create a model with which we will start getting into also operations of these buses. So I think
that's where we are, Jinesh, as we go ahead. I think he has some more questions also. If you want, I can
take those.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
The other question was on the capacities that we have for M&HCV and ILMCV.

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                             10
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 29, 2026



Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
Yes. So see, as far as M&HCV, ILMCV trucks capacity is concerned, we have a fair bit of flexibility in the
sense we can manufacture these in 4 of our plants, Jamshedpur, Lucknow, Pune and Dharwad. And as far
as in-house capacity is concerned, there is no concern. What I answered some time back was with the
sudden increase in demand across all the auto segments has led to some capacity press in specific areas
like castings, et cetera.

So we are watching the situation wherever decisions are required from a longer-term perspective, we are
going ahead with that. And we are at a fairly okay levels in terms of utilization prepared for the higher
demand as it comes next year.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Next question from Kapil. What should be the direction of margins? And what are going to be the drivers
for the same?
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
So Kapil, I mean, in terms of drivers, you know better than all of us. So realizations, of course, we have
been focusing on that. On the cost side, I think in the call, we have spoken at least in 2, 3 questions about
where the commodity challenge is being seen. And to address that, we have already taken a 1% price
increase from 1st of January.

I think Ramanan has also explained in his presentation what are the other cost elements which have hit
us in Q3. Some of those are, of course, onetime. Therefore, we will start getting benefit as we get into the
next quarter from here. So yes, I think we continue to work on further margin improvement. I think as
demand goes up, further scale benefits will also come in.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Next question from Raghu of Nuvama. And some of these have already been addressed, so I'll only pick
those which are new. Can you indicate if the double-digit growth is likely to continue till September? And
the share of tippers has gone up. Do you expect tipper demand to remain robust ahead? In HCV cargo
utilization is at about 80%. At what level of utilization do you think fleet operators start to add trucks? And
another question on delinquencies and availability of finance.
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
Yes. So thank you, Raghu. And frankly, I'll be delighted to give a one-word answer to your question 2 and
3, which is yes, right? But I think I look at it like this. See Q3, which has gone by Q4, we are seeing a Y-
o-Y growth also because of the base effect. And I do see that base effect continuing in H1 of next year
also, right? And therefore, if GDP continues to grow at this rate, consumption remains at a higher level,
the infrastructure mining activity continues at this level, then I think we should see this kind of a growth.

Share of tippers has, yes, indeed, it has gone up. And it is not only mining and infrastructure activity, but
also the urban construction activity is also leading to an increase in tipper and RMC products that we see.
And with the focus of government on these sectors, we see this demand to remain robust ahead.

Your next question, Raghu, is in HCV cargo utilization is at 80% at what level of utilization? Frankly, we
still don't have that kind of data and solid backup to say that, yes, I think we are close to this. But as I
answered earlier, I think with the drop in initial prices and some of the customers, especially the fleet
owners are looking at which of the GST regime they should take, they should follow, right? And therefore,
this is something which should get clear as we get towards Q1, and that is also something which should
help replacement demand probably.
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                             11
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 29, 2026



You also have asked a question on can you indicate ease of finance availability for operators, trends and in
delinquies? So I know, yes, there was one report which was released in the quarter gone by on increasing
delinquencies, et cetera. But that was actually based on data which was at least a quarter prior to that.
Our direct connection discussion with the financials clearly indicate that the delinquency trends have
stabilized, used and are improving over the past few months with clear green shoots visible across major
financials.

And in fact, see, I mean, this kind of a growth, 25% of the growth isn't going to happen unless the
financials bring in 25% more money. I must also say the various delinquency buckets that they look at,
30 to 90 days or 91 to 180 days past due have actually moderated compared to the earlier stress periods
supported by stronger collections, tighter underwriting and more disciplined risk management. I had also
highlighted some stress in UP, APTS and Karnataka. Even in these states, there has been an improvement,
although they still remain a bit behind other states comparatively. I hope I think, Raghu, this answers all
your questions. I think he has asked another question.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
I will go to that. I'll give you a break and I'll move to Ramanan. So warranty cost has increased by INR 94
crores. How much was the warranty cost to revenue this quarter? And what is the reason for the increase?
G.V. Ramanan
I think, Raghu, thanks for that question. The increase in warranty cost is largely on account of revision in
rates, taking into account our claim trend and also the part price cost, right? In terms of the warranty as a
percentage, YTD, we are trending at around less than 2%.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
So I'll move to the next question from Nishit on exports. Exports have recovered sharply over the last few
quarters. Which markets are driving this? And our exports are still much lower than the peak that you saw
in FY '17. So is it fair to expect strong double-digit growth in exports over the next 2, 3 years as well?
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
Yes. So see, you're right, exports have recovered sharply. And in terms of numbers, yes, we are still
behind or much behind the peak in FY '17. But I think in terms of revenue, we are already very close to
that. Going ahead, yes, I think we should see a strong double-digit growth, and I can certainly speak
for the next year. And current markets which are driving this growth, which I also explained in the
presentation, essentially Sri Lanka, SAARC and also to some extent, recovery in Bangladesh. Also a good
recovery happening -- not recovery, I think fresh demand, so to say, for us in Middle East and North
Africa.

I think in this whole thing, our basket of international business markets have got pretty well balanced. In
FY '17, Nishit, we had a very, very high salience of SAARC, very high salience. I think it has moderated
significantly now, and we are happy with the market mix that we have now, which we would like to
continue to build upon. And then, recently, new set of products which we have launched, international
markets as well as some of the domestic ones which can also go, yes, we will continue to drive growth in
the international markets.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Next question from Amyn Pirani on buses. Unlike most segments in trucks, buses have already crossed
the pre-COVID levels in terms of volumes. How should we think about growth in this segment? Is it a
structural category or will there be a cycle here as well going forward?
Girish Arun Wagh
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                           12
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 29, 2026



Executive Director
So see, in buses, especially in MCV buses, we know half the demand comes from government tenders,
STU, et cetera. And I think that post-COVID, one has seen a very strong demand coming from a lot of
STUs. I spoke in my presentation about the new tenders, which we will now be fulfilling over the next 1
year. I do feel that, yes, this should continue for some more time. And we are also seeing a good demand
coming from the school vans kind of a category.

In addition to that, I would say electric buses, which are just at, I would say, very, very initial stages of
growth can also be a category to look forward to in terms of higher growth as we go ahead. So yes, I do
look forward to good growth coming in buses as well.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Just a couple of questions which are unanswered from Raghu. One is, what are the current levels of
discounts? And would you expect reduction in discounts given that there is a strong demand? And then
can you talk of cross-selling opportunities between Tata and Iveco products in major regions?
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
So Raghu, on the first point, I think, see, we have been ensuring that we keep on increase the value
proposition and the value being delivered to the customers. Even in the recently launched products,
we've been able to deliver significant profitability improvement to the customers. And then once that is
established, then we see how much of that value we should be sharing between the customer and us. And
I think, therefore, going ahead, yes, there will be possibility of the discounts moderating further. But this
is something which will depend very specifically on segment to segment, market to market, the behavior,
which will continue to be different in combination of geography and a particular segment.

In terms of cross-selling opportunity, Raghu, I think I will not be in a position to give more details than
what has already been said. But possibly, I think when we meet next or maybe 1 quarter after that, I think
we should be in a position to give much better clarity on where all our products could be sold. I can only
add that the recently signed EU FTA, we good benefit to this particular lever, not only on the products, but
it will also see good benefit on the components or aggregates that we are sourcing from Europe, not a
great extent from a revenue perspective, but still a good possibility and also vice-versa.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Next question from Gunjan. Are you seeing a shift from used market to primary new market due to the
GST revision and superior efficiency in the newer trucks now that BS4 trucks have aged?
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
So Gunjan, to net extent, not so much because as I mentioned last time also, we now have 11 operational
rewire centers. Most of the inflow there is more of cars. We do have inflow of trucks, but it is still low.
What it means is the fleet owners are buying newer trucks and probably selling them off to the second
user just before the end of the warranty period. And they are, therefore, selecting more profitable newer
trucks.

Older trucks, which pass on to the second owner at some point of time, maybe third owner then gets
deployed over a shorter route, shorter duty cycle. That is the kind of behavior we are seeing. And in terms
of overall replacement, I think you had asked the first question, which I have already tried to answer. Of
course the answer is not fully satisfactory, I know, but this is the only thing that we know as of now.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                 13
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 29, 2026



Next question from Amey. Which segment will see higher competitive intensity and peers have also been
aggressive in product portfolio expansion in heavier segment?
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
I think every segment will see competitive intensity. The intensity may vary a bit from segment to
segment, but I can't see of any segment which will have very low intensity or competitive intensity.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
Will you be able to provide any guidance across segments for growth for the next financial year?
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
I think we -- as I mentioned in the last analyst call also, I would certainly like to see how this whole
quarter pans out. And then when we meet next, of course, we'll be in a position to give a better guidance
for next year. But as it appears, as the momentum continues, next year, first half, we should see good
growth on a Y-o-Y basis also because of the base effect of the year that we are in.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
I'll just check the queue if there are any or...
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
Pramod has asked, how is the participation from STO? What is STO? Probably he means small fleet
owners. So Pramod, if your question is about small fleet owners, we have seen participation across, and in
fact, I mentioned, I think large fleet owners are -- some of them are, in fact, deciding which credit route
they should be using for GST. But otherwise, small fleet owners are certainly coming ahead.

And his next question, how do you see cyclicality of industry evolving?
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
We will take it offline.
Girish Arun Wagh
Executive Director
Yes.

Kapil has asked, bus tenders, is there a cost pass-through clause? No. Kapil, no.
Sneha Gavankar
Chief Investor Relations Officer
All that we have in questions. Well then, thank you for participating. Any questions that remain
unanswered, we can take it offline. Thank you.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                          14
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 29, 2026



Copyright © 2026 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                     15
Tata Motors Limited NSEI:TMCV
FQ2 2026 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 13, 2025 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates**




**Estimates Data not available.




COPYRIGHT © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved   1
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
Contents




Table of Contents

Call Participants                                     ..................................................................................   3
Presentation                                          ..................................................................................   4
Question and Answer                                   ..................................................................................   8




COPYRIGHT © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved                                         2
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL | NOV 13, 2025




Call Participants
EXECUTIVES

G.V. Ramanan

Girish Wagh

Sneha Gavankar




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                       3
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL | NOV 13, 2025




Presentation
Sneha Gavankar
Good day, and welcome to Tata Motors Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings Call. I have with me today Mr. Girish
Wagh, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. G.V. Ramanan, CFO; and the Investor Relations team.

Today, we'll walk you through the results presentation followed by Q&A.

[Operator Instructions]

I now hand over to Mr. G.V. Ramanan. Over to you.
G.V. Ramanan
Thank you, Sneha. Can we go to the next page, please?

So this is our standard safe harbor statement. I just want to draw your attention to the accounting
standards para. I think the prior period financials in this presentation, they reflect the impact of the
demerger as it has just been effective since the company's incorporation that happened in June 2024.
Accordingly, the Q1 numbers that are included here within H1 '25 numbers are derived numbers. In terms
of our presentation format, there are no changes to the segment definition. It remains the same as in the
past, and we've listed the details clearly there.

On the consolidated financial statements, they include the unallocable and other items that are not specific
to the Commercial Vehicle segment. These comprise largely corporate function and other subsidiary
and associate companies, which are clearly listed here. Can you go to the next page, please? The key
highlights for Q2. Very happy to share that we've passed the entire GST reduction benefit to customers
through the price cuts. And as the OEM, we were the first to kind of go off the block on this. This
contributes to achieving the government's objective of accelerating economic growth.

Our portfolio has expanded with new launches, especially Ace Gold Diesel, Winger Plus and a couple of
trucks, which clearly addresses diverse customer needs. We expanded mobility leadership in Sri Lanka
with the launch of 10 new trucks and buses to meet the market needs. Electric Mobility is a key focus
area. Here, we signed an MoU with Green Energy Mobility Solutions to supply 100 Magna EV intercity
coaches. We have started delivering 148 Starbus EV buses to BMTC, supporting Bangalore's e-mobility
drive. The EV ecosystem has been strengthened with over 25,000 public chargers in 150-plus cities for
electric SCVs.

Next page, please. Q2 '26 -- FY '26 was full of significant corporate actions. We successfully completed the
demerger with effective date of October 1 and as committed previously, we are pleased to share that the
listing of the Commercial Vehicle business is also completed and now listed as Tata Motors Limited with the
ticker TMCV on both BSE and NSE. On the Iveco acquisition, the regulatory approvals are underway and
the initial funding through bridge loan has been secured. We would like to thank all our banking partners
for the overwhelming response in this regard.

To further reinforce our commitment to accelerate AI-led freight transformation and digital logistics, the
company has invested an additional INR 134 crores in Freight Tiger, bringing the total investment to
now INR 284 crores. Next page, please. The Q2 wholesale performance. This slide provides a detailed
breakdown of our wholesale across period and product lines. Q2, we had a good quarter where wholesale
clocked 97,000 units, which was up 12% year-on-year with increase in volume across product lines, and
we outgrew the industry. Double-digit growth in ILMCV and SCV product line as demand drivers gained
momentum. Exports grew by a solid 75% on Y-o-Y basis, mainly led by the SAARC countries, especially
Bangladesh, Nepal and Sri Lanka. With a quarterly volume of 7,600 units, our international business is
back at pre-COVID levels of FY '20.

Next page, please. On the Vahan market share, our H1 stands at 35.3% with steady share across product
lines. After a subdued Q1, trucks market share rebound strongly from the second half of Q2. SCV, while
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              4
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL | NOV 13, 2025



the shares remained flat, we witnessed healthy retail growth on the back of new launches. We expect this
to continue in H2. On CVP, we have a strong pipeline to recover our market share.

Next page, please. On the financial highlights for Q2 '26, the revenue was at INR 18.4 crores, up 6.6%
Y-o-Y with EBITDA at -- a double-digit EBITDA at 12.2% and PBT at INR 1,700 crores. Strong ROCE
performance continues with Q2 ROCE at 45%. Margin expansion continues with EBITDA up 150 basis
and EBIT up 200 basis year-on-year. Next page, please. On this slide, you would see the EBIT walk. The
PBT increased by INR 469 crores Y-o-Y with EBIT margins at 9.8%, which is a 200 bps growth Y-o-Y. The
higher volume and favorable realization significantly contributed to margin improvement. The savings in
fixed costs led by lower D&A clearly ensured cost is under control, and this helped delivered an EBIT of
9.8%.
Next slide, please. Q2 FY '26 saw a strong free cash flow of INR 2,200 crores. This is led by a sustained
operational performance and working capital gains owing to higher volume. H1 FCF was a record INR 417
crores. This is the highest ever with strong cash profit after tax of INR 4,200 crores. We expect our FCF
to be consistent with the likely growth in H2 volume. Significant reduction in interest charge as a result of
deleveraging, our interest cost has been kind of coming down, and you will see that quarter-on-quarter.

Next slide, please. This slide basically highlights our journey of achieving significantly higher and
consistent cash flow. There have been structural shifts in business, which will continue to drive the FCF
performance, the key levers for driving superior performance on FCF. As you would see the first box on the
left side, the scale has gone up significantly. Our revenues are at a level of INR 75,000 crores. The CAGR
itself over FY '22 was growing at 13%. Our absolute EBITDA has expanded 5x since FY '22, and we've
delivered consistent double-digit EBITDA margins.

Continuous focus on noncyclical business has helped achieve sustained cash performance and our
noncyclical business is high margin and high ROCE business. Prudent CapEx spends, which was well within
the guidance range that we had given of around 2% to 4% of revenue. And this will continue to be in
this range, and we have been very prudent as majority of the spends are largely on decarbonization and
circularity initiatives. Our pivot towards profitable growth, cost optimization efforts and strong working
capital discipline has helped achieve an FCF of 10% as a percentage of revenue in FY '25.

In absolute terms, that translated to INR 7,400 crores. This highlights the ability of the business to deliver
consistent cash even in a scenario such as FY '25 when HCV volumes witnessed a drop of around 9%.
Coming to the consolidated financials. This is a clear snapshot of our consolidated financials. Our Q2
revenue was at INR 18,600 crores with EBITDA at 11.4%, including the impact of acquisition-related due
diligence spend, and that's what you see is the reduction between Q1 to Q2. Our PBT was negative at INR
0.68 crores. The reported profits were adversely impacted by the mark-to-market loss of INR 2,000 crores
on account of the recently listed investment in Tata Capital.

Excluding this mark-to-market loss, the underlying PBT and net income remains strong at INR 1,500
crores and INR 1,200 crores, respectively. Strong cash performance with FCF at INR 2,000 crores in Q2 FY
'26. At a consol level, we had net cash at INR 1,200 crores.

I'll hand this over to Girish now for the business update. Over to you, Girish.
Girish Wagh
Thank you, Ramanan. Let me start with the fleet utilization, first of all. And I think the fleet utilizations
continue to be at a good level despite heavy rains. And in fact, across the segments, we have seen a year-
on-year growth in utilization across HCV cargo, MCV cargo trucks, ICV and LCV and buses. I think only in
HCV tipper, we had seen a bit of downside because of extremely heavy rains as compared to the previous
year. But I think we have already seen the tipper utilization now ahead of the last year as we entered into
the month of October.

So I think on fleet utilization, the overall scene is quite good. In terms of freight rates, they continue to
remain firm. And in fact, post the GST rate rationalization, there has been an increase in consumption, it
has led to increase in the freight being transported, and that has also helped to firm up some of the freight
rates. So I think overall, in a good space.
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              5
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL | NOV 13, 2025



Next. Now coming to our business for Q2. So the industry volumes grew by 8% Y-o-Y in Q2 and the TIV
industry volume actually grew across all segments, which is a good healthy sign. And we transitioned the
entire portfolio to the GST regime. And as Ramanan said, I think we were the first one to immediately
indicate the pricing list and therefore, the drop in prices. In terms of heavy commercial vehicles, which
is 28 tonnes and above, our volumes grew 5% on a Y-o-Y basis, while I think the industry volumes have
grown by 2%.

In ILMCV, our volumes grew by 15%, whereas the industry volumes have grown by 11%. In SCV pickup,
the industry volumes grew by 11% and our volumes also grew in line with the industry. In the buses
and vans segment, that is CV passenger, the volumes grew by 9%. And actually, the performance was
influenced by shift in salience of some of the segments as also tender-driven business, especially the
tenders which happened during the last quarter of previous financial year. Talking about the noncyclical
businesses. We have seen a consistent year-on-year growth in parts and service penetration. Over now
almost 3 years, there has been consistent growth happening.

International business during the year continues to do very well. And in fact, we've seen the shipments
see almost 75% growth on a Y-o-Y basis, and the retails are also moving at the same rate. In terms of
the Smart City Mobility, our electric bus fleet has now cumulatively crossed 420 million kilometers. We
continue to deliver uptime of 95% and in fact, exceeding the contractual requirements. In the Digital
business, we aligned our subscription plans to the expectations of the customers, and we actually
introduced 2 new levels of subscription plans, Lite and Prime and also, therefore, made it better than some
of the non-OE offerings in the market, post which we have seen a good pickup in subscription renewals.

And as you can see that it moved from 26% to 37% within 2 months. And I think now it is up to us to
connect with most customers and push the subscription renewal further. Talking about electric mobility
solutions, we had only 81 electric buses registered in Q2, which means a total registration of now 3,700.
And I think now our -- all the tenders that we had won till now of electric buses, all the buses have been
delivered. And now we are evaluating the participation in PM E-DRIVE tender supposed to be closed
tomorrow. I think this we are participating through a consortium model. This tender also addresses the
payment security mechanism and an asset-light structure. So this meets all the requirements that we
were advocating with the government and the conditions are now favorable for us to participate in the
tender.

We launched AcePro EV in the last quarter and a very good response. I think we've been able to increase
the retails beyond 400 per month in addition to the Ace EV that we are already selling. And we see good
traction coming in across last mile distribution, FMCG and waste management. We've also been able
to onboard most of the financials to fund this product. On our internal sustainability journey under the
Project Alingana, we have made progress in all the 3 areas of decarbonization, circularity and preserving
biodiversity. We now have 3 plants certified for water neutrality, 3 plants which have already achieved zero
waste to landfill and the conservation efforts on the Central Asian flywheel and elephant conservation are
on track.

Next, as far as Digital business is concerned, we now have more than 885,000 vehicles active, out of
which 75% monthly active users and 54% weekly active users on the Fleet Edge platform. Mileage
Saarathi continues to deliver more than 7% improvement in fuel efficiency to the customers who have
onboarded themselves on that service. In our online sales platform, Fleet Verse, we now have more than
22,000 platform-assisted retails in entire quarter 2. And in addition to that, digitally generated retails
converting into final sale now is at around 27% of the total retail. E-Dukaan, our online spare part sale,
we now have 10,000 customers and 33,000 retailers, but we also now started direct-to-customer delivery,
last-mile delivery across 8 cities in the country, which will ensure that the parts booked on the platform
are delivered directly to the customers within stipulated time line.

Next, going ahead, Q2, as I said, has seen good demand recovery, mostly driven by good monsoons, but
more so, I would say, with the positive sentiment post the GST rate reduction. And we believe strongly
that growth momentum will continue through the second half across the segments. I think the GST cut
has boosted consumption leading to improvement in D2C or B2C kind of customers who don't take input


Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              6
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL | NOV 13, 2025



tax credit. But due to increased consumption and utilization, it is supporting demand for medium and
heavy commercial vehicles also.
Mining, construction, infrastructure have restarted. And from the last month, I think one has seen
good improvement in the tipper demand. In fact, towards the end of Q2, we have started seeing good
improvement in tipper demand. I think for us now since we have seen a very strong growth in our trucks
market shares from the second half of Q2, we will sustain this growth trajectory. We will continue to gain
share in the MCV buses, especially in private sector. And we will also start the delivery against the tenders
that we won in Q2, which will help us in market share gaining back. We are currently in the process of
increasing the volumes of some of the new products that we've launched and have gained traction. And
of course, as Ramanan said, we will continue to sustain profitable growth, robust financial performance,
delivering double-digit EBITDA cash flows and then strong ROCE. So that's it. I think, thank you. We will
now get into questions and answers.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                             7
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL | NOV 13, 2025




Question and Answer
Sneha Gavankar
Thank you, Girish and Ramanan. So the first question is from Amyn Pirani, JPMorgan. Exports have been
growing quite sharply for you as well as other CV peers. Is it just a low base effect? Or are there new
opportunities which are opening up in terms of geographies or customer segments?
Girish Wagh
So I mean, it is a combination of both. I would say, post-COVID, the international business was quite
subdued. And I think in the recent past, we've had some markets opening up. First, Nepal opened up and
led to good volumes. But unfortunately, we had another level of political instability there. Therefore, Nepal
is once again down. But I think Sri Lanka market has opened up now with the economy improving there.
But in addition to that, we have clearly seen an improvement in Middle East as also Africa. And these
markets are also, therefore, leading to higher demand. So I would say it is a combination of lower base as
well as increase in some of these markets that I mentioned.
Sneha Gavankar
The next question is from Kapil Singh. What is the demand outlook for MHCVs and LCVs for FY '26? And
have you seen any impact because of the GST cuts on demand?
Girish Wagh
Yes. So Kapil, I think, as I said, the GST rate cut has led to a dual impact on commercial vehicle demand.
First, I would say, a primary or a direct impact. So we have those B2C customers who don't necessarily
take input tax credit. For them, the reduction in GST has been a direct benefit and that has led to an
increase in demand. This is applicable more in LCVs and small commercial vehicles. In addition to this, the
reduction in GST on spare parts, tires, et cetera, have also led to reduction in their operating expenses,
which will lead to an improvement in TCO by almost 1%, 1.5%.

That is another area which is going to help. But the secondary impact on demand is this GST rate
rationalization has led to general increase in consumption in many categories, which is, therefore, leading
to higher production and therefore, higher freight available, both inbound and outbound, which one can
see in terms of requirement of more number of vehicles, increasing utilization.

And this increasing utilization clearly will lead to higher demand. And with respect to this, therefore,
we expect in H2 across the segments, there will be a single-digit to higher single-digit growth as we go
ahead. And I think the Q3 has also started on a good note. So that's how we look at the demand going
ahead.
Sneha Gavankar
On the market share, another question from Kapil Singh, there is a slight dip that we've seen in the
market share across segments. And what are your plans to pull this back? And how do you think of
discounting in a post-GST cut scenario? Has it really come down?
Girish Wagh
Yes. So Kapil, I think, yes, in the presentation also, Ramanan mentioned that we started the quarter on
a subdued note in market share. But after that, I think in trucks, that is both heavy commercial vehicles
and intermediate light medium commercial vehicles, both these segments, I think we have rebounded
very strongly. And we are -- we know that we will continue this trajectory as we go ahead. We will also be
launching some of our new range of products, the model year '26 in both heavy commercial vehicles as
well as intermediate light medium commercial vehicles, which will further improve the competitiveness.

And this will be a very, very wide range of products that we'll be launching with which we are pretty
confident that we should be able to continue with the strong trajectory of growth in the trucks share. As
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                               8
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL | NOV 13, 2025



far as buses is concerned, I think there are 2 parts to it. In the private market, actually, we have been
doing well and growing market share in both MCV and ICV buses. Where we have suffered is actually
some of the tenders, businesses tenders that we had lost during the last quarter of previous year.

But I think in the quarter gone by, we've been able to win 3 good tenders, and this quantity will help us
to get back the market share pretty strongly in rest of the year. In small commercial vehicles, yes, our
market share remains at the same level at a lower level. But the good part is that after 18 months, we've
been able to, consistently for 2 months, retail almost 15,000 vehicles, which is a significant growth over
otherwise what we were retailing. And we will be continuing this retail growth as we go ahead in the rest
of the year, and this will, therefore, also lead to an improvement in share even in this segment. So that's
the status on market share.
Sneha Gavankar
Next question again from Kapil Singh. We'll finish with Kapil and then move on. What percentage of
revenue comes from non-cyclical businesses? And what is the mix of your key subsegments? And how do
you expect them to grow?
G.V. Ramanan
Kapil, thank you for that question. So what I will say is that today, the mix of non-cyclical business
revenue as part of the overall revenue is a healthy double digit. And we expect this to grow with the
growth in the digital business. And I think Girish shared that as part of the business update, too. So as the
business -- the digital business grows, I think this percentage will only get stronger for us.
Sneha Gavankar
Next question, sir, from Gunjan. There are a few questions in this, so maybe I'll just break it up. Can you
talk a little more on the difference between CV segment and consol financials? And where is the electric
bus business captured? And are there any losses on that count? And what are the other businesses in
consol?
G.V. Ramanan
So I think, Gunjan, if you actually look at our safe harbor statement, we've called out the CV segment
quite clearly there. And there is no change in this segment versus what we were reporting earlier as part
of the overall consolidated entity earlier. So -- and to your second question in terms of the e-bus business,
I think you are referring to the Smart City operation. That is part of the Commercial Vehicle segment only.
And that's the number that we've kind of shown as part of Commercial Vehicle segment.

What kind of comes in consol, as I had kind of shared this earlier in the safe harbor statement also. In
addition to the Commercial Vehicle segment, this includes the unallocable and other items, largely the
corporate functions and some of the other subsidiaries and associates like ACGL, Freight Tiger, that kind
of comprises from a consol standpoint. And that also, if you see the other details on the safe harbor
statement, we've called them out.
Sneha Gavankar
Also another question from Gunjan. Any color on margin drivers, commodities, pricing, discounting for
trucks?
G.V. Ramanan
I think in terms of the EBIT walk that we kind of shared, if you have seen, the key driver, largely the 2%
improvement in EBIT year-on-year is kind of coming from volume and favorable realization, and that's
what is kind of driving the EBIT higher.
Sneha Gavankar
Sir, any update on Iveco? How is the acquisition being funded? How much debt have we taken for it?

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                               9
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL | NOV 13, 2025



G.V. Ramanan
I think we are still at a stage in Iveco where we are securing the approvals, and we expect all the
approvals to come through by around February, March. And the initial round of funding, as shared in the
earlier calls also is going to be through a bridge loan. And I think that has been completely tied up, and
I had also touched upon that in the beginning to say that there were overwhelming response from the
banking partners on that.

So our initial funding is going to be through bridge loan. Subsequently, for the refinancing of the bridge
loan, we will evaluate all the options, equity, debt. And at that right time, we will kind of balance the
equity and debt accordingly.
Sneha Gavankar
So sir, how are things shaping? This question is from Raghvendra Goyal of Ambit. How are things looking
on the DFC front? And do you expect any material impact on MHCVs over the next 3 to 4 years?
Girish Wagh
So Raghvendra, I have actually given the commentary on this in the earlier analyst meets also, but I
will repeat. As we see, there are 2 dedicated freight corridors. One is Northeast and the second one
Northwest. As far as Northeast is concerned, it is fully operational. Northwest is operational in parts and
should get operational fully in maybe next few quarters. Now as far as Northeast is concerned, bulk of the
transportation on this sector is more of bulk commodities, which is minerals and raw materials.

And large part of this was anyway moving through rail. And with this change, I think the movement will
move from the main tracks to the dedicated freight corridor. So impact on road transportation, therefore,
of the Northeast corridor is likely to be low. As far as Northwest corridor is concerned, I think here, there
is a significant amount of container traffic supporting export/import. And this container traffic, which
happens on tractor trailers today, part of it is likely to move to the rail, which will then lead to some part of
the tractor demand moving to railways. Now will this lead to a contraction in tractor segment?

So the assessment currently is no. It will reduce the likely growth rate of tractor segment. But at the same
time, with the dedicated freight corridor on the Northwest side and increasing trade, this will actually lead
to an increase in demand for ICVs and MCVs because the dedicated freight corridor will not be point-to-
point, but will be more so hub to hub. And therefore, to support it, more of ICVs and MCVs are required.
So net-net, if one has to look at only from a volume perspective at the overall CV level, actually DFC
will lead to an increase. But within that, it will have an impact -- negative impact on the tractor trailer
segment.

I think Kapil has asked this, again, discounting question. What is the outlook post-GST cut? Yes. Sorry,
Kapil, we missed it. See, so let me answer it from our perspective, how we have handled the discount
post-GST. So we have been very, very transparent. And the next day, we actually passed on the entire
GST benefit. And to that extent, therefore, there was a reduction in the total discount also. So absolute
amount of discount has been reduced to the extent of the percentage GST reduction.
But whether this milestone or this step did it lead to a reduction in discount as a percentage of ESP, no,
not because of this milestone. That it is happening in some segments, it is due to the inherent demand-
supply situation and competitiveness of the products, okay? So I hope I've been able to answer your
question now, Kapil.
Sneha Gavankar
Next question from Aditya. Can you explain the loss on Tata Capital fair value? Ramanan you want to take
that?
G.V. Ramanan
Yes. Thank you for that question, Aditya. As you may be aware, the Tata Motors Finance has kind of got
merged with TCL. And the Board approval for that merger came around June 2024. And as part of that
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                               10
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL | NOV 13, 2025



whole exercise, the valuation was carried out, looking at comparable peers and everything and a value
was fixed. Subsequent to that, October '25 is when Tata Capital IPO happened, the listed price on the
IPO turned out to be almost 20%, 25% lower than the earlier expected valuation price. Hence, as per the
accounting standards requirement, we had to do a mark-to-market adjustment on this, and that is the
reason for the INR 2,000 crores of loss that has kind of come through.
Sneha Gavankar
Next question from Jay Kale of Elara Capital. In MHCVs, a lot of replacement demand was expected to kick
in and drive the industry growth. Is that really playing out? And what is your assessment of the average
fleet age currently?
Girish Wagh
Yes. So see, as I've said in the past, there is not much dependable and triangulated data on this particular
aspect to give you a very firm response on replacement demand. And how much -- what part of the
demand is due to replacement. And I'll tell you the reason, see, what happens is, especially when we
entered into the BS-VI regime, the retail customers, and this I'm talking of M&HCV, the retail customers,
to a large extent, moved to used vehicles because they were not able to afford the new vehicles.

Whereas the fleet owners who buy new vehicles have been changing their vehicles in 4 years because of
the continuous improvement in TCO of the vehicles. But will one call that as a replacement demand? No,
because these fleet owners were then selling their vehicles to the retail customers and then they were
using it for their purposes. Then from a duty cycle perspective, see generally new vehicles, newer vehicles
during the warranty period are used on long-haul routes, whereas after, say, 6 years or so and when the
ownership changes, then they go into a short-haul route for specific distances, and that's how the vehicle
application and usage continues.

I think I would, therefore, rather answer your question by saying that overall fleet utilization is going
up, which is what we are able to track on almost 0.9 million vehicles. That, in our view, is a very good
sign. And this kind of utilization of the vehicles should, therefore, anyway lead to demand for the newer
vehicles. That's how I will answer your question, Jay.
Sneha Gavankar
The next question from Kumar Rakesh. Can you indicate how customer sentiment is trending? And what
would be the reason if it is improving or deteriorating? Some of the segments such as tippers have seen
demand impact from monsoon for the last 2 quarters. And what was unusual this year? Do you see a risk
of underlying weakness?
Girish Wagh
Yes. So Rakesh, I think you're right, we used to share this customer sentiment data. But we are now
revisiting the methodology of this data to make it more richer, and we will come back with this particular
data. To second part of your question, which is tipper going down, yes, you have rightly picked it up. But
Rakesh, this is absolutely seasonal. And every year, I have seen in -- from the month of June, the tipper
utilization does go down.

But let me tell you, post rainy season towards the end of Q2, beginning of Q3, there is a very good
improvement in tipper utilization. And actually, tipper market has picked up pretty well. That's how I will
answer this question. I think Kapil has another question.
Sneha Gavankar
Yes. So Kapil's question is, are the e-buses like those for PM E-DRIVE orders eligible for PLI? If not, what is
the road map for localization and timelines?
Girish Wagh
Yes. So Kapil, I think in electric buses or electric vehicles, we have 2 set of incentives. One is a demand
side incentive and second is a supply side incentive. And they have no relation to each other. In demand
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                               11
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL | NOV 13, 2025



side incentive, there are 3 types of incentives. First is lower GST, which continues at 5%. Second is some
specific states like Maharashtra have come up with further onetime benefit and incentive. And third is the
PME drive, which you have referred to. And that incentive also continues, which earlier used to be called
as FAME incentive.

So these demand side incentives are irrespective of the supply side incentive. The supply side incentive is
the production-linked PLI incentive. Now production-linked incentive, yes, is dependent on the localization
that one does. The PM E-DRIVE incentive, although being demand side is also dependent on localization
because both are driving localization here. And both -- you have to meet different set of requirements
to meet these requirements. I think the buses that we have been supplying, we are meeting all the
requirements and therefore, getting all the incentives, both demand side and supply side. I hope Kapil,
this answers your question.
Sneha Gavankar
Okay. Let me just have a look at if there are any other questions in the queue, just give me a moment,
please.
Girish Wagh
Jay has one question. Yes. So Jay, I think you have a question on post change or forward change
mechanism from 12% to 18%. Yes, there was a confusion for some time. But I think gradually, we are
moving towards a new state of equilibrium, and the fleet owners are also taking advice, as we understand,
in many cases, from OEMs, from their own advisers, GST experts, et cetera, and they are taking their own
calls in terms of what kind of mechanism, whether FCM or RCM is what they should be taking. And I think
there is still a difference between what they've been taking, but gradually, we are reaching a new state of
equilibrium.
Sneha Gavankar
I think that's all that we have of the questions. If you have any closing remarks, and then we can close
the call.
Girish Wagh
Okay. So thank you very much for joining the call. I know I was told that there were multiple calls today,
but good that you joined. I think we had a very historical milestone yesterday of the listing ceremony
of Tata Motors Commercial Vehicle, which will now be named as Tata Motors. We also had a very strong
listing, and we are also delighted that we have followed it up with a very strong set of results today with
continued growth in margins, very robust cash flows. In fact, this is the first year where we have turned
free cash positive in the H1 itself, highest ever H1 free cash flow and also very high return on capital
employed. So very happy to share those results with you. Thank you for joining and look forward to
further engagements with all of you. Thank you.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                            12
TATA MOTORS LIMITED FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL | NOV 13, 2025



Copyright © 2026 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                     13
