HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited
NSEI:HDFCLIFE
FQ4 2026 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 16, 2026 11:30 AM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates
                                    -FQ4 2026-                         -FQ1 2027-                           -FY 2026-                -FY 2027-

                   CONSENSUS           ACTUAL          SURPRISE        CONSENSUS         CONSENSUS           ACTUAL     SURPRISE     CONSENSUS

    EPS
                       2.50              2.30            (44.17 %)          2.81             9.22             8.85       (1.01 %)      10.62
 Normalized

   Revenue
                         -                 -                -                 -          1084924.89         982864.50    (9.41 %)    1229907.02
    (mm)
Currency: INR
Consensus as of Apr-13-2026 9:46 AM GMT




                                                                                   - EPS NORMALIZED -

                                                       CONSENSUS                               ACTUAL                    SURPRISE

           FQ1 2026                                             3.37                                 2.54                (24.63 %)

           FQ2 2026                                             2.21                                 2.08                (30.67 %)

           FQ3 2026                                             2.12                                 1.94                 (8.02 %)

           FQ4 2026                                             2.50                                 2.30                (44.17 %)


COPYRIGHT © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved                                     1
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
Contents




Table of Contents

Call Participants                                     ..................................................................................   3
Presentation                                          ..................................................................................   4
Question and Answer                                   ..................................................................................   7




COPYRIGHT © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved                                         2
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026




Call Participants
EXECUTIVES

Eshwari Murugan
Actuary

Niraj Ashwin Shah
CFO & Executive Director

Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director

Vineet Arora
Whole-time Director & Chief
Business Officer
                                                   Shreya Shivani
ANALYSTS                                           Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.,
                                                   Research Division
Avinash Singh
Emkay Global Financial Services                    Supratim Datta
Ltd., Research Division                            Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Dipanjan Ghosh                                     Suresh Ganapathy
Citigroup Inc., Research Division                  Macquarie Research

Madhukar Ladha                                     Vinod Rajamani
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research                      Nirmal Bang Securities Pvt. Ltd.,
Division                                           Research Division

Manjeet Buaria                                     ATTENDEES

Nidhesh Jain                                       Unknown Attendee
Investec Bank plc, Research
Division

Nischint Chawathe
Kotak Securities (Institutional
Equities)

Prayesh Jain
Motilal Oswal Securities Limited,
Research Division

Sanketh Godha
Spark Institutional Equities Private
Limited, Research Division




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                       3
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026




Presentation
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of HDFC Life
Insurance Company. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now
hand the conference over to Ms. Vibha Padalkar, MD and CEO of HDFC Life. Thank you, and over to you,
ma'am.
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
Thank you, Dorvin. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining our earnings conference call for
the year ended March 31, 2026. Our results, along with the investor presentation, press release and
regulatory disclosures are available on our website and with the stock exchanges.

Joining me today's call are Niraj Shah, Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer; Vineet Arora,
Executive Director and Chief Business Officer; Eshwari Murugan appointed Actuary; and Kunal Jain, Head,
Investor Relations, Business Planning and Strategy.

On the macroeconomic front, let me begin with the broader macroeconomic context. The global
environment has become more uncertain in recent months with heightened geopolitical tensions and
disruptions in energy markets and global supply chains, creating near-term headwinds. In such an
environment, while near-term demand might be impacted, we believe the life insurance sector remains
relatively well positioned given the essential role of long-term savings protection and guaranteed
outcomes, especially during periods of uncertainty.

Moving on to business performance. During FY '26, we continue to maintain our position amongst the top
3 insurers by individual WRP. Our private sector market share stood at 15.2% for 11 months FY '26. We
outperformed the industry in 2 key focus areas. The first one being retail protection, which grew 43% and
the second one being our agency channel, which also grew ahead of the sector. Retail sum assured growth
for 11 months was higher than the industry, reinforcing the quality of our business mix. Credit Protect saw
a healthy rebound in the second half of the year, driven by recovery in the MFI segment and robust credit
growth with the company retaining its leadership position in this segment.

From a top line perspective, FY '26 closed below our original expectations. Let me deconstruct this and
outline our confidence in the medium-term trajectory. H1 growth for us was ahead of the industry and
quarter 3 was broadly in line with expectations. The slowdown was largely concentrated in quarter 4,
driven by unabsorbed GST, temporary softness in bancassurance and deferment of demand in March due
to global uncertainty.

However, our proprietary channels bucked the trend, delivering a healthy growth of 15% to 16% in
quarter 4 as well as in FY '26. And we thus delivered a full year individual APE growth of 7% year-on-year.
Our confidence to bounce back also stems from our customer acquisition metrics that remained healthy
with over 70% of new customers onboarded during the year being first-time buyers of HDFC Life policies
and that we insured over 46 million lives during FY '26.

Next on product mix. Our individual APE composition for FY '26 was unit-linked at 44%, non-par savings
at 18%, participating products at 25%, term at 7% and annuity at 5%. As in prior periods, product mix
remained an important driver of outcomes during the year. You will notice that our term was 7% versus
5% of last year. Unit-linked demand remained resilient through most of the year, supported by customer
appetite for market-linked participation.

Importantly, the quality of our unit-linked business continues to improve with higher protection multiples
and better rider attachment supporting margins. The 13-month persistency over the past 2 years has
also improved. Both these metrics remain a deliberate strategic focus for us. At the same time, non-par
demand was softer than our expectations. We have maintained pricing discipline in this segment. And

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              4
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



while this has had a near-term impact on volumes, it positions us better from a long-term value and
margin standpoint.

We have undertaken selective product refinements to improve competitiveness and with a more favorable
yield curve environment, we expect non-par savings to gradually recover. Protection was a clear highlight
during the year with a growth of 43%, supported by lower prices post GST and a strengthened product
portfolio. And this continued even in quarter 4 when protection growth was 46%. Retail protection mix
expanded by nearly 200 basis points year-on-year to 7.2% in FY '26. And including riders, protection now
contributes nearly 10% of our retail business.

We also saw an improvement in ticket sizes post GST with customers opting for higher levels of sum
assured. Retail sum assured grew by 28% year-on-year, and we also maintained our leadership position
on overall sum assured, reinforcing the quality of our business mix. Annuities were another area of
meaningful progress. During quarter 4, we launched Aajivan Growth, Nivesh and Income or AGNI, an
industry-first variable annuity plan that combines lifelong guaranteed income with growth potential linked
to the Nifty 50 Index. We believe this kind of product innovation opens up new customer segments, and
we are encouraged by early traction.

Annuity mix increased by almost 300 basis points year-on-year to around 8% of individual APE in quarter
4 FY '26. Looking ahead, we expect a gradual shift in the product mix as customers rebalance towards
long-term savings and protection in an environment of greater uncertainty. We anticipate non-par savings
to gain share relative to FY '26 with protection and annuities continuing to grow ahead of the company
average.

Moving on to financial and operating metrics. For FY '26, value of new business stood at INR 4,034 crores,
representing growth of 2% year-on-year. Value of new business growth, excluding the impact of GST and
surrender regulations changes, would have been broadly in line with overall APE growth.

New business margin for FY '26, excluding impact of GST and SSV would have been flat at 25.5%. Post
GST and SSV impact, they were at 24.2%, a decline of 140 basis points versus FY '25. This margin
drop was driven by 3 key factors: First, the impact of GST and surrender value of 130 basis points;
Second, the fixed cost absorption impact of 90 basis points arising from softer-than-expected top line
growth, particularly in quarter 4. And third, 40 basis points on account of strengthening of the persistency
assumptions in line with the experience that we had disclosed in quarter 3.

I'm happy to share that our experience in quarter 4 on persistency was better than what we had
mentioned in quarter 3. These 3 negative items were offset by a better product profile that contributed
120 basis points. On GST, the headwind on margins has been moderating in line with our guidance. The
impact in quarter 4 was approximately 110 basis points, and we expect this to taper off further and be
largely neutralized as we move into FY '27.

At a product level, underlying margins remain supported by improvements in product profile, including
higher protection and annuity contribution and better rider attachment. The annual assumption review was
undertaken in quarter 4 as has been the past practice, which makes the Y-o-Y impact of 40 basis points
more visible in that quarter.
From a structural standpoint, the key levers for margin improvement remain intact, continued growth in
protection, higher rider attachment, recovery in non-par savings, further enhancement in ULIP protection
mix, lower fixed cost per policy and operating leverage as growth normalizes. Based on these factors, we
expect margins to improve.

Renewal collections saw steady growth at 15% during the year, reflecting the continued stability of the in-
force book. On persistency, the 13-month ratio moderated by 200 basis points during the year, broadly
in line with the evolving business mix. As mentioned in quarter 3, this was driven by specific cohorts and
does not reflect the broad-based shift in portfolio quality.

We have taken necessary actions, as I had mentioned, and we are pleased to share that trends have
stabilized in quarter 4. The 61st month persistency remained robust at 64%, improving by 100 basis
points year-on-year, reflecting the continued strength of the long-duration savings book.
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              5
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



Embedded value stood at INR 62,139 crores. Operating return on embedded value for the period was
15%, and this would have been 15.4% on a normalized basis. Profit after tax for the period stood at INR
1,910 crores. PAT, excluding GST and Labor impact would have shown a growth of 16%. The Board has
recommended a final dividend of INR 2.10 per share, in line with our payout policy, aggregating to a
payout of INR 456 crores.

Our solvency ratio stood at 177%. While we await clarity on the transition time line to the risk-based
solvency framework, we have taken Board approval to raise up to INR 1,000 crores by way of a
preferential issue to our parent HDFC Bank. This will add 900 basis points to our current solvency. Over
the medium term, the move towards a risk-based solvency regime should ensure better alignment of
capital with underlying risks and is likely to be beneficial for diversified franchises such as ours.
Moving on to distribution highlights. The ongoing buildup of our agency channel was a strong story for
the year. Agency grew ahead of the company by 500 basis points, maintaining a strong protection mix.
The channel is now beginning to deliver the returns on the multiyear investments we have made in
branch expansion, talent acquisition and investment in bespoke products and training, and this has helped
improve our relative positioning within the industry.

We have added more than 250 branches over the last 30 months with business from these contributing
to approximately 13% of the agency channel's top line. Our focus is now firmly shifting from expansion
to productivity, activation and the branch level profitability. This should support a more sustainable and
higher quality contribution from the channel going forward.

On the other hand, partnership channels experienced elevated volatility during the year, primarily
driven by heightened competitive intensity. In response, we exercised fiscal discipline by stepping
away from unviable business. Overall, while near-term growth has been influenced by the factors
discussed, we believe our focus on continued investments in distribution, product competitiveness, partner
engagement and pricing discipline positions us well to deliver more sustainable and profitable growth as
the environment normalizes.

Moving on to regulatory and industry developments. The industry continues to evolve in a direction that
supports greater transparency, stronger conduct and more sustainable long-term growth. We view the
transition towards Ind AS-based reporting as a positive structural development. Over time, this should
enhance comparability, improve market discipline and further align business models with long-term value
creation. With respect to Ind AS, we have approval from our Board to seek forbearance for FY '27. We will
be applying to the regulator and are working towards full adoption from FY '28.

We believe this approach allows for a more calibrated transition, both operationally and from a reporting
standpoint. Overall, the direction of regulatory evolution remains constructive, and we believe well-
diversified and disciplined players are well positioned to operate effectively within this framework.

Moving on to our subsidiaries. Our wholly owned subsidiary, HDFC Pension Fund Management continued to
strengthen its leadership position with a market share of 43% and assets under management exceeding
INR 1.5 lakh crores. Our other subsidiary, HDFC International Re continues to deliver steady reinsurance
performance while scaling its GIFT City presence.
To conclude, we enter FY '27 with the GST transition that is largely complete, the yield curve, which is
supportive for non-par. Our agency channel is stronger today than it was a year ago in terms of reach,
productivity and quality of business. Protection portfolio is structurally larger and more meaningful than
any other prior point in our journey. As a result, our embedded value continues to reflect the compounding
strength of a high-quality in-force book. Our aspiration to outpace industry new business and VNB growth
remains unchanged. For a more detailed discussion of our performance and outlook, please refer to the
investor presentation.
We will now be happy to take your questions.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              6
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026




Question and Answer
Operator
[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global.
Avinash Singh
Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd., Research Division
A few questions. The first one on growth, yes, as we acknowledge there were multiple factors, some
external and some internal. In this context, particularly the factors which are affecting growth in HDFC
Bank channel, be it the competitive intensity or maybe irrational pricing. Now I mean, how has particularly
your wallet share within HDFC Bank channel behaved in this Q4 vis-a-vis what it has been for the 9
months. So how has that changed?

And now what sort of steps you are taking or what you are seeing, competitor withdrawing or competitive
intensity changing that gives you hope that, okay, the things will normalize or go back maybe to, say, the
past levels in FY '27. So this is a question more around HDFC Bank channel and what sort of things giving
you confidence there in terms of growth outlook?

The second one would be more, again, it's a bit of a small kind of a signification. There is a very small
piece of business that is participating group and pension. Now I mean, in your -- again, I'm saying that
your GAAP filing, there is a kind of a sizable -- the business size is very small, but the negative surplus or
deficit in that par segment is pretty big.

So I mean what exactly is the nature of this? And why I mean this is such a big deficit there in this
segment of business? And lastly, again, related to this, I mean, yes, the back book surplus is going kind
of in an impressive way even this year is 14%. But when I look at the new business strain, I mean, given,
yes, there is a strong growth in individual protection, but at the same time, non-par savings have given
way to par, where typically the new business strain would be lower. But the overall new business strain at
the company level is growing very, very strongly. Is it something to do with the cost structure still remains
a bit unfavorable? What sort of explains that? So these are my 3 questions.
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
Yes. Thanks, Avinash. I'll take the HDFC Bank question and then pass it on to Eshwari on par drop. On
HDFC Bank, see, I would be more worried if there were some very different product innovation or some
massive digital great technology. Really on the price point, we don't believe that, that is sustainable on a
long-term basis, whether it's aggression to the -- on pricing or -- and/or on underwriting. And clearly, it is
visible in terms of on ground.

So what will change? I think IFRS is a good segue into what I'm saying because onerous contracts are
becoming very apparent. Also, capital, I think overall, as a sector, capital is -- given that RBC possibly has
now taken a backseat to IFRS, what all of us thought that RBC would get rolled out first, if that's going to
happen, all of this aggression does consume capital as well.

So there's only that far that some of this can be bankrolled. Plus, we haven't stayed quiet. We have
introduced, like I said, products such as our AGNI product, some of the tweaks that we have done on --
even on non-par, you will see what has been rolled out as we speak. Some of that is -- will again go back
in terms of our ability to capture the minds of customers, especially against this fairly elevated levels of
volatility and some weaning away from the unit-linked playbook.

So that's what gives us the kind of confidence. Also, we are very, very granular in terms of discussions
with our parent in terms of which are the branches wherein our share is lower than what might be at an
acceptable level? Why is that happening? Is it because there's a flooding of additional people and our
manpower share? So it's not -- I mean the correlation is fairly strong that where our manpower share is
lower than 50%, our countershare goes down. So is there an optimal level of manpower share? Given
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                  7
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



all AI and other digital assets, is there a place to reduce manpower share overall for all 3 players? And
can we look at having more digital offerings or part of the journey being digital. And there once that
happens, I do believe that countershare just given brand synergies, being a market leader on -- especially
on products, I think all of that -- many things -- I mean, I can't share everything that we're doing, but
that's what gives us the confidence. Vineet, do you want to add?
Vineet Arora
Whole-time Director & Chief Business Officer
No, I think we have covered most of it. I mean just the fact that we knew exactly where we let go of
business, and we know that what price point and what this thing works for us. We do feel that aggression
now that the GST burden on the margin and on the cost is also more or less absorbed, it will be easier for
us to also even come back and have better price points. So we feel that we will also be more competitive,
and we should be able to garner more share from these branches that we might have let go off earlier.
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
Yes. And that's an important point. We are very, very cognizant of the opportunities that we'll let go
because if ab initio it doesn't make commercial sense as to why are we selling this kind of product, then
that's an order. We'll just received -- take a backseat exactly like what happened in protection. We did
that, and that paid us very good dividends in terms of the pricing power. We had to buy our time.

We did many things. Some are behind the scenes, which I don't want to call out. But many things on
protection that today makes us get hold of the kind of profiles that we want to get hold of rather than
just market dynamics saying whatever protection of whatever quality business, let me get that in,
moving away from that to controlling the narrative to step back to say what kind of lives and what kind of
business do I really want and to recalibrate too many things to get there. So that's really in the process of
doing similar kinds of interventions on non-par and par like we did with protection.

If I can move on to the par, Eshwari, over to you on the impact on Par FFA, I think what Avinash was
talking about.
Eshwari Murugan
Actuary
On the participating front, there are 3, 4 things that have happened during the year. One is the impact of
GST, which again is split into 2 parts. One is the existing business and the second is the new business. On
the existing business, because there will be no ITC on the renewal commission and the expenses incurred
for the maintenance of the policies, that impact has been taken into the reserves, and that is having a
negative impact in both life and pension.

On the new business as well because there's no ITC on the GST that has been absorbed given that we
are still looking at the design and the pricing of the par products in the context of the new GST law.
So this has been an impact as we take some time to transition to the new products. The third is given
the changes to surrender value regulations from October '24 onwards, for all the participating policies
regardless of whether they are going to surrender or not, we hold a surrender value reserve, which is
also increasing the prudence. Some of this will get released into the FFA going forward, but it has been
a onetime impact all coming together in the same period. That's why we see a deficit in the participating
fund.
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
And we have plans to start contributing back to par FFA to grow that over the next couple of years.
Eshwari Murugan
Actuary


Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                             8
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



We will be looking at all the structures to see what is the optimal structure to maintain the fund at an
optimum level, aiding growth as well as the existing business. On the back book surplus, the EB surplus
has grown by lower amount, again, due to the same reasons. We have allowed for the loss of input tax
credit on renewal commission and maintenance expenses on all lines of business. That has resulted in a
lower EB surplus growth.

On the new business, yes, the new business strain should have been lower given that we have done lower
non-par. But if you look at the growth in protection business and the credit product business, that has
resulted to higher strain. And also on the unit linked, we are writing with higher multiples and also higher
rider attachment that has got a higher reserving requirement. And all of these have resulted in the new
business strain growth being higher than the earlier years.
Avinash Singh
Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd., Research Division
Okay. Got. it. Just counter...
Eshwari Murugan
Actuary
GST impact is there in both the new business and EB. That is also one of the reasons for the new business
strain being higher.
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
So just to summarize GST impact and a good problem to have in terms of protection.
Avinash Singh
Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd., Research Division
Yes, yes. Vibha, countershare in HDFC Bank, I mean, in Q4 versus 9 months?
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
Yes, go ahead.
Vineet Arora
Whole-time Director & Chief Business Officer
Countershare in HDFC Bank in Q4 was lower than what it was in 9 months. And clearly, I mean, for the
reasons we have articulated already, we know what the reasons were. And we are completely in control of
what we can do going forward.
Operator
[Operator Instructions]

Our next question comes from the line of Suresh Ganapathy from Macquarie.
Suresh Ganapathy
Macquarie Research
Vibha, again, somewhat indirectly related to the first question itself, in FY '23, if you were to make a
business projection of your VNB growth, you would have said 15% plus CAGR, right, for the next 3 years.
I'm looking at FY '26 number, your CAGR has been just 3% over the FY '26 or FY '23. So it's actually not
grown at all in 3 years. I'm sure you were not expecting this kind of an outcome. I know there have been
a lot of changes. But unfortunately, the regulator is still talking about some commission cap. So many
things are happening. Are you confident that the GST cut whether it is protections, the next 3 years will
not see a single-digit VNB CAGR?

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                             9
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
Yes. So let me just walk you through -- I'll give you the CAGR, but FY '25 to FY '26, Suresh, FY '25,
we were at 25.6%, right? And if I were to back out GST and SSV, the surrender value impact, then my
starting point would have been 24.3%. Against 24.3%, I was at similar kind of a number, 24.2%.

Now to your more philosophical question that what kind of -- because of 3 very large ticket things that
have happened, which is starting from the INR 5 lakh and above being taxed followed by surrender
charges followed by GST, business model changes have happened with -- unfortunately, with alarming
regularity and fairly material. Now what gives me the -- I have a high level of confidence in the medium
term. However, here and now in 1 year or so, a little bit more difficult to say just as any business plan.

However, the growth over the 4-year period of 1.8x to 2x, I think that is still something that we will be
running for. If there is any -- I think in terms of conversations, I think the only large ticket conversation
in the media has been, will something happen on distribution architecture. If that happens, I'm very
confident that, yes, medium term -- immediate, like all the other disruptions I've talked about, there could
be -- will we come out of it? Absolutely. I have no doubt in my mind that it will come. So to summarize
on a normalized 3-year VNB CAGR would be around 9%, 10%. And there, I'm adjusting about INR 1,000
crores between this FY '23 and the GST impact in FY '26. So that's the kind of [indiscernible] that has
come.
Suresh Ganapathy
Macquarie Research
But Vibha, then it is a red flat for that is still way below your industry standard, that is, if I look at FY '22,
'21, you were then in the industry benchmark. All said and done, even normalizing for that, your growth
has been weak, your VNB growth has been weak and competition is not going away. People are going
to be aggressive. There is no compulsory listing. So we are in the industry in a way, right, both from a
competition angle as well as from a regulatory angle.
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
No. So on competition, again, I feel like I mentioned with Avinash, the earlier caller, that with IFRS
Suresh, it's going to dramatically change the way and bring discipline into way, it's a proxy for listing in
a way because listing or disclosures, unfortunately, if I was a bank, then most of my competition is listed
and there's that much that aggression that will be contained.
While exactly like you mentioned, that's not the case now. But IFRS regardless of whether you're going to
be listed or not, there are going to be segment level and even further more nuanced disclosures that will
very clearly show ab initio what are the loss-making or onerous contracts, what did one price for and what
actually you're trending for. So this is going to be a huge, I would say, tectonic change in how companies
look at their business.

Now a promoter might decide to ignore that. That's their prerogative. But given that these companies
have -- promoters have invested for many number of years, I'm sure they are wanting to see returns
at the end of the -- that patient capital. So I feel very enthused. It might not happen in FY '27 because
of most companies asking for forbearance, but certainly, a year down the line, it should happen. And if
disclosure is going to happen in FY '28, then I'm sure companies will start thinking as to at least internally
looking at what their numbers are going to see.

We're also seeing positive trends in protection. We went through the same story on protection and
irrational competition and so on. Happy to share that, that kind of irrational competition has started seeing
some tempering. And that's why you can see our growth being right on the top as far as the industry is
concerned on protection. Expecting the similar kind of some level of restraint happening on other parts of
savings as well. Niraj, do you want to add anything?
Niraj Ashwin Shah
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                 10
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



CFO & Executive Director
Suresh, you just maybe step back a little bit. You spoke about a period from '23 to '26. Unfortunately,
both the opening as well as the closing year had a lot of distortions as Vibha spoke about. If you were
to just dial back period from, say, FY '20 to FY '24, the number is fairly healthy at 15-odd percent. If
you go period before that, it is in a similar kind of a zone. So the thing is we're looking at a long-term
business, building it from a 3- to 5-year perspective, the results could be nonlinear in a shorter span of
time. But just from a business cycle perspective and everything that is coming for -- coming in the next
3 to 5 years, we absolutely have no doubt as to why the sector and us within the sector not be able to
get back to that compounding story that we are used to delivering. So no real structural issues that we
see, whether it's in terms of the relevance of the products, customer demand as well as just the overall
operating environment, Suresh.
Suresh Ganapathy
Macquarie Research
Yes. Sir, just one last question on Vibha your tenure and the IRDA rule, bit confusing. Can you just clarify
when it ends? Is it a 15-year rule applicable to you? What is the thing, can you just clarify on that?
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
Yes. So Suresh, like I mentioned earlier also, when these regulations came in, in 2023, we had written to
the regulator and we had received clarification then that the 15 years starts from when I became the CEO,
MD and CEO. My tenure -- this current tenure ends in September of this year, and the Board will take a
suitable call closer to that date.
Suresh Ganapathy
Macquarie Research
And you are 5 years, right, into the -- 6 years into the CEO tenure, right?
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
No, I will be completing a term of 3 plus 5, so 8 years by the time I finish in September.
Suresh Ganapathy
Macquarie Research
Okay. So logically speaking, another 7 years left as per the IRDA, obviously, the Board will take a call,
right? Is that the interpretation?
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
Yes, the interpretation is that 15 years is from when you get into the saddle as MD and CEO, that is what
we had received clarification when we wrote to them in 2023.
Suresh Ganapathy
Macquarie Research
Okay. But this is not cast in stone. Can regulator change their mind is what my question is?
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
I think that will be a question for the regulator, Suresh.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Madhukar Ladha from JPMorgan.

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              11
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



Madhukar Ladha
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division
First, if I just compare the IRRs on the non-par product in sort of the principal HDFC Bank channel offered
by your competitor, the difference is quite substantial. Now what I wanted to understand is if you were to
sort of reduce or if you were to offer higher IRRs, what would be the impact on your margins? I mean why
can't we sort of offer a more competitive product and capture that counter share. So one -- so that's my
sort of primary question. And can you quantify the operating variance and assumption change between
the various elements like persistency, mortality expenses, if you could give that split?
Niraj Ashwin Shah
CFO & Executive Director
Yes. So on the question on IRR, basically, there are 2 things here. One is that, like you rightly mentioned,
in certain categories and variants of products, the difference is fairly substantial. And since we introduced
this category to the market 6 or 7 years back with multiple product innovations, the easiest thing to do
is to offer a rate. So if we could offer a rate which is the highest in the market at the economics that are
making sense to us, we would have done that, like you rightly said.

So if we are not doing that, it basically tells you that the dilution on the economics is not acceptable at the
prevalent rates that some of the peers are choosing to offer. The more -- the equally important thing is
that given our position in the market, if we end up doing something which is, let's say, a very aggressive
or irrational, it unfortunately viciates the entire environment and it forces peers to do the same. So then
you get into a downward spiral from which the industry will never recover.

So there's no point playing that game beyond a point. As we articulated earlier on the call, we are looking
at things more granularly, customer segments, ticket sizes, product variants where we may choose to be
more competitive in the next -- in the coming year. And that will be, again, at levels that will make sense
to us.

We've said that we want to grow faster than the industry and deliver VNB growth in line with that. So if we
have to make trade-offs, sensible trade-offs between profitability and growth, we'll definitely do that, but
provided it's within a certain boundary conditions, which really makes sense from a medium- to long-term
perspective.

So that's really our approach. We don't see this to be a challenge from a medium- to long-term
perspective for all the reasons that we spoke about, the regulatory environment, movement to IFRS, risk-
based capital. It's not an endless road of the capital being made available without any questions asked.
So that's not going to happen. Given that situation, I think things will stabilize. We gave the example of
protection, the same kind of story panned out a few years back. We've kind of bided our time and we are
where we are in terms of leadership, in terms of sum assured on individual protection and overall as well.
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
I want to come in here, and I'm not making any specific reference to any company, but more broader
for the sector. See, again, I'm harping back to IFRS. I could give 70 basis points higher on non-par, for
example, like Madhukar, you mentioned. But no one really knows is this LAP-supported product, which
means that you're hoping that customers don't pay that premium down the line.

Some of these things will start becoming a lot more apparent under IFRS because then you get to see the
full story because if persistency is -- stays good and which it should be because they've bought a product
that is giving them 70 basis points higher. So -- but your assumption that you make money is only if only
X percentage of customers renew this. So these nuances are really where the devil is in those details. So
we can easily match this if we want to match it. But there's no way we're going to have a lAP-supported
product. There's no way -- I mean, we are in the business to sell policies. And we are hoping that the
customer stays vested in the policy till the very end.


Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                             12
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



So this is only one example, but there are many such nuances, what will be the lump sum at the end? If
they choose to surrender, what is the surrender value that they or the nominee will get. And so on, there
are many nuances to this because the corners will have to be cut somewhere else which are not very
apparent. The headline item will be that the IRR is so much more -- it can't come out of thin air. It can
either be bankrolled by the shareholder or wherein something else is -- the corners cut somewhere. These
are only 2 possibilities because if I look at expense ratios and persistency, it's not very different, if at all,
worse than where we are today. So that's the limited point. This will normalize.
Madhukar Ladha
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Got it. Maybe I can just squeeze in one more question. So on margins, see, on a Q-o-Q basis, we were
expecting about 100 basis points improvement in margins because every quarter, we were trying to lower
the GST impact. That has not played out this quarter. Also, I'm guessing partly because of the full year
assumption change that also would have impacted. But given -- in this context where there is a negative
expense drag also on the margins, negative sort of assumption change as well, how do -- how should one
see margins shaping up in FY '27 and beyond? I believe it's probably going to be difficult to maintain the
earlier sort of guidance of 25.6%. Any comments around that would be helpful.
Niraj Ashwin Shah
CFO & Executive Director
Yes. So I think if we were to just go back to what we said 3 months back in terms of what the GST impact
is likely to be, we started with 300 basis points, brought it down to 190. And now we are standing at 110
basis points. So as such, that is moving exactly in line with what we had spoken about and are working
towards internally as well. And by the time we finish the first half of next year, we should be done with the
GST impact and completely absorb it in our business model.

Now coming to whether we can get back to the levels that we spoke about at the beginning of the year of
about 25.5%, we can get to it. Are we in a tearing rush to get to that at the cost of growth? We are not.
Our objective will be to get to industry -- faster than industry growth and maintain VNB in line with that.
Along the way, environment stabilizes and we have the opportunity to expand margins, we will certainly
do so.

But the first goal post really is to ensure that VNB delivery is in line with the APE growth next year. And
any sort of expansion on top of that aided by product mix, scale, all of that is something that is definitely
on the table. The Q4 impact is something which we called out as something which is, like Vibha spoke
about, I mean, it's -- while in H1, we were faster, Q3, we were largely in line. Q4 was certainly slower than
where we want to be. And that's the impact that we need to absorb, and we will as we -- as the growth
normalizes.

So we're not too concerned about the additional impact that we saw in quarter 4 on VNB growth and
consequently on the full year margins, we should be able to recover as the growth normalizes next
year. So that's not something that we worry about as a drag getting into FY '27 and beyond. If you're
talking about a 3-year perspective, clearly, there is room for margin expansion. But again, it's going to
be measured as some of our investments now start becoming more and more bearing fruit in terms of
branch productivity as well as our expenses on the technology front. All of these are expected to increase
productivity, efficiency and better risk management. With that, margin expansion is something that
we should absolutely gun for with protection becoming larger and larger part of our business as we go
forward.
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
Yes. And just to summarize, if you see Slide 13 of our investor presentation, it's exactly what Niraj
mentioned that in our -- if I ignore the GST, the onetime GST and surrender charge impact, we were
very close to same 25.6% of last year. And the drop is only because of these items. So it was almost like
margins were being held and the starting point is anyway 25.5%.

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                13
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



Madhukar Ladha
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Sure. Got it. And the assumption change in variance breakup, if that is -- if you could give that?
Eshwari Murugan
Actuary
So the assumption change is mainly on the persistency. The 13-month persistency had dropped during
the year, and this has been reflected in the assumptions, both in embedded value and new business. So
it's mainly coming from persistency that is 13-month persistency. All other cohorts, we don't have any
material impact either in the assumption change or in the variance.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi.
Dipanjan Ghosh
Citigroup Inc., Research Division
So a few questions from my side. First, in terms of the banca channel and more specifically on the non-
HDFC banca channels, I just wanted to get some sense of what's the direction or strategy when you kind
of think of this channel? Is it more growth focused? Or do you think the focus will be on more VNB counter
share at these channels? And from the next 2-year perspective, if you can give some color on that? That's
the first question.

The second question is on the product pipeline, and this is more in line with also the AGNI product that
you have launched. I wanted to get some color. You mentioned that there has been strong traction initially.
If you can kind of quantify or give some color around that. And also in terms of the refinement on the non-
par products that you have done, if you could kind of elaborate on that and the product pipeline alongside
on the non-par and annuity side, I mean, if you can kind of sum it up.
Vineet Arora
Whole-time Director & Chief Business Officer
Yes, I'll take the question on the non-H bank banca channel. So the focus, see, for all channels for us
is very clear that it is to go for growth subject to a certain VNB. And below a certain VNB, we choose at
times not to participate on a certain, let's say, segment or, let's say, a particular channel also. So the focus
remains same across channels, and that's the reason why you would see that certain parts in quarter we
did slow down in certain channels. So that, I think, remains consistent across channels. And same is the
reason why you see a higher focus on our agency and the proprietary business where we have seen faster
growth coming in.
Niraj Ashwin Shah
CFO & Executive Director
Products, Dipanjan, a couple of things. One is AGNI was basically the first variable annuity product that
was introduced, and that's absolutely contributed to our share of annuity mix increasing meaningfully in
this period. And it was launched towards in the last quarter. So we expect that to become a full stream
product going into FY '27 and beyond.

And as we understand more of the product category, we would want more potential for innovation in this
category as the regulator allows us to use more instruments that will enable a better customer proposition
while we manage our risk appropriately. It's a win-win from a customer perspective for anyone who is
reasonably affluent. We've launched this product at a ticket size of INR 25 lakh and above to ensure that
the customer clearly understands what they're buying. And it's not a completely guaranteed product.
It's guaranteed up to a point after which the customer participates in the upside because of the asset
allocation that we're able to do in the product. And that is something that we believe is here to stay from
a customer who is reasonably affluent and savvy and is not dependent on the entire annuity stream to
maintain monthly expenses.
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              14
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



So that was really the thought process behind it, and there will be a lot more to come in this space. As far
as non-par savings is concerned, I think a few things that we are basically looking to add to our flagship
Click to Achieve series. And a large part of it is to do with giving more flexibility to customers. Looking at
customer segments a little more granularly to see what we can do in terms of affording more options to
customers as well as getting more competitive.

And over a period of time, as the asset side of the market develops, there will be more options that will
kind of come through in each of these categories. So I guess a lot of things were happening behind the
scenes, which is just ready to take advantage of a more favorable interest rate environment as we step
into '27. And the volatility on the equity side so far has not really dampened unit-linked demand, but
we'll wait and see how that kind of goes on as we go forward. Asset allocation is currently unfortunately
out of fashion, but that's something that we expect to normalize in the next 12 to 24 months. When that
happens, with the suite of products that we have and more in the pipeline, we expect the category to do
extremely well.
Dipanjan Ghosh
Citigroup Inc., Research Division
Just one small follow-up, this variable annuity product propositions. How are the margins in these products
I mean compared to the company level margins?
Niraj Ashwin Shah
CFO & Executive Director
They'll be higher than company level margins.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Shreya Shivani from Nomura.
Shreya Shivani
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
My first question is a couple of questions on the EV walk, EV and VNB walk basically. So shouldn't the GST
and labor code impact be an assumption change because it's a permanent change rather than a variance.
Also, comparing to one of your peers, there is no impact of the yield curve movement on your VNB walk.
What is the thought process behind this, if you can explain that?

And has the persistency assumption changes caused a sharp movement in your persistency sensitivity
from the sensitivity analysis table. These are on my EV walk.

Just one question on the growth outlook on the competitive landscape, et cetera, to Vibha. I mean one
way of dealing with the competitive landscape is obviously what you're doing, going granular and trying to
find a different kind of pricing for your products, et cetera.

However, expanding beyond our obvious markets, expanding into deeper pockets or markets where only
a few players operate, isn't that something which we would be focused on from a longer-term period,
not for FY '27, but if I ask you about next 5 years, shouldn't that be one of your strategies knowing that
the competitive landscape can be quite volatile in the urban Tier 1 markets, yes? Sorry. Those are my
questions.
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
Yes. On the EV walk, the GST impact is the impact on the existing business because there is no input tax
rate on the renewal commission and the maintenance expenses. So that is a onetime impact, and it is
external environmental impact. That's why it's shown as another operating change or variance.

The loss of input tax credit on the new business, which is part of, as you said, the business model, is
captured in the VNB, which is within the embedded value operating profit or within the embedded value
walk before the one-off. So the one-off is actually only one-off. It's only onetime impact on the existing
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              15
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



book. So the thought process is that whatever is not within the internal environment of the business
model of the company, that should be captured as a one-off operating variance.
Niraj Ashwin Shah
CFO & Executive Director
And I'll add to that before you move ahead. And next year, all of this will sit in the VNB for next year. So it
will become part of the business model entirely. This year, since it happened midyear, the back book had
to do what it had to.
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
Yes, the closing EV will be the opening EV for next year. And next year, the entire impact, as Niraj
mentioned, will be in the -- if at all there is any impact does not absorb, it will be in the VNB. In the NBM
or the VNB walk, the impact of any -- the net impact of changes in interest rate, changes in product
pricing, product features, other assumptions, et cetera, is captured in the product profile.

The reason we don't call out economic assumption change separately is that it's not that during the entire
year, we will not do anything if the changes are -- the interest rates are going up or down. There will be
a lot of dynamic changes in the pricing. It's very difficult to capture the impact of assumption change,
assuming that everything stayed the same. So the net impact, if the spreads have gone up and you've
not repriced it to that extent, it will be an increase in NBM. That will be captured in the product profile.
Similarly, if the interest rates go down and you still do not reprice it for whatever reason, that will be a
negative on -- that will be again captured in the product profile. So this is a thought process. This we have
been following for many years now. There's no change in the way we have been showing this impact.

Yes. On the persistency sensitivity, there are 2 things which is resulting in a higher sensitivity. One is the
proportion of UL has gone up compared to last year, hence, higher sensitivity. And also because of these
changes in the surrender value regulations, even in the non-linked products, the persistency will have an
impact on the EV or the margin because unlike earlier where there were some lapse profits or surrender
profits and the policy didn't stay for the scheduled policy term, here there is going to be an impact on the
margin. That's why there is a higher sensitivity. Hope that's clear.
Shreya Shivani
Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Sure. Yes, yes, that's very clear.
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
Yes. And to take your question on getting deeper into interior India, that's exactly what we are doing. And
to remind you that one of the reasons for us to have acquired Exide Life was just that because we felt
that, that was not expressly our core competence. See, it was happening more because of some of our
distributors were there. But we formulated an entire go-to-market strategy in Tier 2 and 3. And I'm happy
to share that more than 72% of our customers acquired in this financial year, FY '26, they were new to
HDFC Life.

And if I were to look at -- Tier 2 and 3 grew faster than Tier 1. Also, if I were to look at, say, our agency
channel, every metric, so our FC base, the financial consultant base, if you look at it, so the growth there,
there was 33% growth. The Tier 3, there was a 42% growth. Our agent additions were in line with similar
kind of numbers. Our marketing collaterals, using of AI so that every local language and dialect is possible
from -- right from training to servicing. Even our ads, if you see, for the first time this year, we have used
-- like, in, say, in West Bengal, we have used local leading personalities as against national.

So what we're saying is we're already well on that path. Having said that, it's never all easy because the
profiles are not as -- don't have as much data. So there will be 2 steps forward, 1 step back. But I think
we are now in a position of reasonable amount of confidence that within Tier 2 and 3, what are the profiles
that we are comfortable underwriting, and that will only increase as we get more and more data.
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              16
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



Another data point is that, as you know, we've been opening branches, over 200-plus branches over the
past 24 to 36 months. And happy to share that in our agency channel, for example, 13% of the business
now comes from the branches that we opened in that time frame. So we have a holistic strategy of --
exactly like you're saying, that to be among the top 3 movers into that space, rather than only operating
in a more crowded, metro salaried set of space.
Niraj Ashwin Shah
CFO & Executive Director
Maybe just one thing I'll add to what Vibha mentioned is that we are aware as we step into the smaller
markets that the time for the branches to get as productive as those in the larger markets is a lot higher,
maybe 1.5x more. But we've not shied away from making all these investments. So it's just that the time
frame from which we get these returns is a little longer than we would get from a larger branch.

So both of these happen in parallel, and the trade-offs and basically the payoff periods from both of these
can vary. But, like you rightly mentioned, I think as you go deeper into India, there is, I guess, more
sanity as far as the competitive intensity is concerned, given the obvious costs involved in going deeper as
well as the brand recognition. So we do understand that, that is an advantage that we have, and we plan
to build on that as we go forward.
Operator
[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak
Institutional Equities.
Nischint Chawathe
Kotak Securities (Institutional Equities)
Niraj, you mentioned that the counter share at HDFC Bank in fourth quarter was lower than 9 months.
But if you could give any color as to what it was for the entire financial year? And how does that sort of
compare with the broad guidance of 2/3 counter share at HDFC Bank over the medium term?
Vineet Arora
Whole-time Director & Chief Business Officer
Yes. So we were in mid-60s the year before. And this year, we would have closed at early 60s.
Nischint Chawathe
Kotak Securities (Institutional Equities)
And I mean, how does the conversation go? Is it something that it kind of reverts over time? Or is it
something that there could be some kind of downward revision to this? How does it work?
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
No. So conversations are not only around share because the share, it's an open architecture platform, and
it's on the ground in every branch, and every segment is where we are competing like a normal insurance
player. And basis that is what we were earlier on during this call also with the various questions we were
answering that we know actually at a granular level, which are the places, which are the cohorts that we
would have let go of, which led to this loss of share. And if we need to compete back, we also know what
it takes to compete back. So I think from that angle, it's not about a conversation. It's more about what
business we want to and what business we let go.
Nischint Chawathe
Kotak Securities (Institutional Equities)
Sure. And I recollect at the beginning of last year, you budgeted for around, I think, 14%-odd APE growth.
Some of -- destiny had other plans. But when you start this year, given the uncertainties that are around,
how do you budget for FY '27 growth? What would be like your starting point?

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              17
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
So exactly like you said, Nischint, 14%, actually, we had said 12% to 13%, but okay, I think low double-
digit growth is what we have said. Now with all this uncertainty exactly, and we've been here before
in terms of when COVID was there and so on, I think we'll just take it a month at a time in terms of
planning. It's really volatile. What we will attempt to do is grow slightly faster than the sector and focus --
while doing that, focus on some of the tailwinds that we have on protection. We talked about some of the
products like Agni. We will really focus on maximizing that Tier 2 and 3 as well, the traction because it's
not as crowded as some of the other markets.
So I think that's what we will focus on rather than trying to put a number because a number means
that you're going to -- you're investing resources and so on upfront. I think it's a little bit too volatile a
situation.
Nischint Chawathe
Kotak Securities (Institutional Equities)
Fair enough. And just last one, do you think that this is the right environment for non-par to pick up over
ULIPs given the way the bond yields have moved and you could probably lever up that in terms of offering
higher IRRs?
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
So I think so. Niraj, do you want to add?
Niraj Ashwin Shah
CFO & Executive Director
Yes, absolutely. We've been waiting, Nischint, but it's not happened given the flows continue on the equity
side, which is, again, we have no problem with that. We'll take all the growth that comes in unit-linked as
well given that we now have an operating model that works. But yes, it's a bit puzzling to us as well that
given the environment and given the uncertainty in the -- and the returns on the equity side in the short
term, customers are still ignoring asset allocation.

So that's something which -- I guess, like we discussed earlier, we're all ready with multiple product
options for customers. And we absolutely believe this year, I think the non-par take-up should be higher
than what it was last year. It's a bit puzzling why it hasn't happened already.
Nischint Chawathe
Kotak Securities (Institutional Equities)
But do you think the demand is elastic to IRRs?
Niraj Ashwin Shah
CFO & Executive Director
No, we do not believe so. To some extent, yes, in an extreme situation where, I mean, someone is putting
100 basis points more than me, of course, they're going to buy that product. But the thing is, within a
band of -- like, in protection, 15%, 20% up and down, it is not elastic. It is driven by multiple things,
including brand preference. And as long as we are in the zone, we are okay.

So in IRR, I'll give you an example of annuities. Annuities, all the major players, 3 of us who are 90-odd
percent of the market are pretty much -- fairly close to each other because that is the pricing that makes
sense. And the customers choose based on their preference and the distribution outreach of each of the
players.

So similarly, on non-par, I think maybe barring 1 or 2 players, you find everyone in -- from a mix
perspective, anywhere between 15% to 20% of their product mix is in non-par. So that tells you that, up
to a particular point, pricing would matter. But once you win a range, then multiple other things take over.
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                  18
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



So it's not completely elastic. To some extent, when there is an outlier pricing, definitely, there will be
some demand that gravitates towards it.
Operator
Our next question is from the line of Supratim Datta from Jefferies.
Supratim Datta
Jefferies LLC, Research Division
So my one question is on the rider attachment. So could you let us know what is the current rider
attachment rate that you have? And how much further can this be increased? And if the ULIP demand
comes off and that's replaced by non-par, could you do the same thing as increasing the sum assured with
non-par products as well? Could the similar strategy work there as well? And how -- what proportion of
the ULIP policies currently has this higher sum assured? If you could give us some color around these 3
things, that would be very helpful.
Niraj Ashwin Shah
CFO & Executive Director
Yes. So I'll start with the last question. We have it highlighted in the investor presentation as well.
About 1/4 of the unit-linked business that we sell comes with higher sum assured. And we started our
rider journey about maybe 3 years back with a lot of education internally and putting our systems and
processes in place to ensure a seamless experience for customers. About -- even as far back as a year
ago, 1.5 years back, the attachment -- the rider APE was less than 1% of unit-linked premiums. Today,
it's at least 5 to 6x that. And it's only increasing with the number of riders that we're able to bring to the
table, with customers opting for a combination of high riders as well as higher levels of sum assured.

So I think, as of now, we have all the options from a customer perspective, whether they want to take a
higher level of protection in the base sum assured itself or they want to have the option of taking a rider.
And that's something that I guess will continue as we go forward as well.

On the savings as in non-par products, we've not seen a very significant take-up of riders yet because the
thought process there is a little more different compared to when someone is looking to buy a unit-linked
product. We're trying to see how we can improve our attachment ratios on other than unit-linked products
as well. But that's still work in progress.

On stand-alone protection, like Vibha mentioned earlier on the call, there is a fairly significant uptake of
pure non-return of premium products this year, given the GST change. Return of premium is also doing
reasonably well. It's just that the full impact of the GST price has shown itself in a higher demand for pure
non-ROP products.

So I think having a suite of each of these at scale definitely helps depending on whatever choice the
customer may want to make.
Supratim Datta
Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Got it. And at the overall APE level, what would be the proportion of riders?
Niraj Ashwin Shah
CFO & Executive Director
So again, we've, I think, spoken earlier and on the call, 7% is our pure protection by itself and individual
business, and adding riders, it comes to 10%. So I think we can attribute about 3-odd percent of our APE
to that.
Operator
Our next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark.

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                               19
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



Sanketh Godha
Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited, Research Division
So Vibha or Niraj, the question is that you told that in fourth quarter, you lost market share compared to
9 months in the bank. So is it fair to say that the competitive intensity actually increased and that's the
reason we lost the market share? And if -- given IFRS forbearance is accepted, is it -- are you confident
that the growth might come back to mid-teens kind of a level next year? Or whatever the pain has to be
taken with respect to non-par unviable business? Yes, it has already been there in the current year and on
a lower base, that should look a little better going ahead and therefore, the mid-teen growth can come. So
any color on those lines will be very useful to understand the growth trajectory going ahead.
Niraj Ashwin Shah
CFO & Executive Director
Sanketh, difficult to -- given the environment, difficult to put a number in terms of what growth comes
ahead. As far as the specific question in terms of, within HDFC Bank, competitive intensity increase in
quarter 4, yes. Do we expect that to continue into FY '27 and beyond? We do not believe so for all the
reasons we mentioned. Because sustainable growth, profitable growth, which is capital efficient, has to be
done in a manner which kind of makes sense, even if you have a lower profitability threshold.

So like we mentioned, we don't have to be present in all the segments at all points in time. There will be
opportunities available to do a lot more granular work to get our counter share where we would like it to
be. And that's something that we're already working on. We discussed geographies. We discuss kind of
branches. We discuss customer segments. Whatever applies at an overall level will apply to HDFC Bank
also in terms of our approach, to get our counter share back up to where we would like to see it.

So maybe we're not going to be stuck into unreasonable things that are happening on the ground. We will
push ourselves definitely. We'll do our trade-offs between growth and profitability and keep challenging
ourselves in terms of are we missing something which makes sense. We've done that in the past. We'll do
that again. But anything that absolutely looks manageable from our perspective, we will not step into even
now. So that's our thought process.
Sanketh Godha
Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited, Research Division
Okay. But given maybe the capital will come in and maybe sub debt rates, will it give a bit of a little more
comfort or gunpowder to be a little more competitive compared to what you were in the current year?
Maybe there was a border case business you chose to not to do it. But with the capital, will that thought
process might change at the fringe level?
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
So I think we will certainly -- see, we have enough gunpowder to be competitive, but for different reasons,
not necessarily because capital has come in. Capital has come in for growth in the normal scheme of
things because RBC is probably, like I said, likely to come after IFRS rollout has happened. So it's more
too tied over that.

There are quite a few things exactly like we did in the case of protection, which was really being nuanced
on driving the narrative rather than being forced into doing things that we are not comfortable doing or
don't see the end game in doing all those things. So you'll have to just wait and watch because, again,
not everything can be disclosed on a call like this. But yes, we are not just sitting and waiting until the
whole thing blows over. But yes, there are many, many things that -- at least 3 or 4 things up our sleeve,
to maneuver the narrative in a direction that we want to.

And just in terms of giving a little bit of color is that we are looking very, very granular with our data to
see which customers we can be -- we can take not aggressive, but a calculated call and which ones we
absolutely want to avoid. So it's not one-size-fits-all.
Operator
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                 20
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



Our next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
Prayesh Jain
Motilal Oswal Securities Limited, Research Division
The question is on, again, probably the HDFC Bank channel, and I think that's been something which has
been discussed quite a bit. But just one more angle to it. Whether commission that the competitors are
paying to HDFC Bank, does that also come into equation where the share has come down for us? So that's
one.

Second, when you say that the capital raise will give you additional solvency of 900 basis points, do you
also build in the additional debt that you can raise via the bonds to build that in capital?
And lastly, on commission regulations, if any, that comes through, how would the kind of things play out
with your primary partner, which is HDFC Bank?
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
So on commissions, everything is identical over here. Yes, product mix, we do -- as you know, we do
calibrate product mix. So we will choose the segments in which we want to be materially present. To
give you an example, if unit-linked at a low sum assured multiple is the name of the game or lower
premium payment term, then we might take a backseat, like we have done. Like 2 premium payment
term at full commercials and so on is something that, don't see the end game in that. So it's not that the
headline commercials are different. No, they are not. They're identical. However, if some of the nuances of
products, that could vary. That's point number one.

And as regards the outlook in terms of commission regulations and so on, I think we'll have to wait and
watch. We have had -- since you're asking specifically about our primary partner, it's not that we haven't
been having conversations on what if scenarios, and they're fully aware as they also sit at the Board. So
they're fully aware of many different possible scenarios and what might be viable, what might require
tweaks to business model and so on.

Like I said, in the medium term, whatever it is -- see, the demand for insurance is not a figment of our
imagination, exactly like what the way demand really took off with the GST cut as far as protection. So
that demand is certainly there. How one tap it through, what kind of products in a new environment, if
there is one, is something that we will quickly look at and collaborate with our partners to -- for it to be a
win-win.
Niraj Ashwin Shah
CFO & Executive Director
And Prayesh, if you could just quickly repeat your question on the solvency? You asked about whether
there is capacity to raise sub-debt? Answer is yes. We could raise on the back of INR 1,000 crores of
equity. We could raise INR 500 crores sub-debt, which would give us an additional 4% as and when we
believe it would be required or we want to just exercise that option.

Was there any other question?
Operator
Prayesh, does that answer your question?
Prayesh Jain
Motilal Oswal Securities Limited, Research Division
Yes. So together, these 2 could be 1,300 bps, right?
Niraj Ashwin Shah
CFO & Executive Director

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              21
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



That's correct. 1,300 to 1,400, yes. That's right.
Operator
Our next question is from the line of Vinod Rajamani from Nirmal Bang.
Vinod Rajamani
Nirmal Bang Securities Pvt. Ltd., Research Division
So I have one question on retail protection. So what proportion of buyers would you say on retail
protection are first-time buyers? Is there any sense that you're getting that the addressable new-to-
insurance kind of pool, that pool is kind of getting -- is that thinning -- or is that getting a little saturated?
How should we think of that? And what is the kind of sustainable quarterly kind of protection growth rate
into FY '27? So that's the question I had on protection.
Niraj Ashwin Shah
CFO & Executive Director
Yes. So it's very, very encouraging to see that post GST, about 80% of the protection business is new
to HDFC Life customers that we saw. And as Vibha mentioned in her opening comments, we're basically
seeing a fair bit of demand across different customer segments and also in terms of the choices that
they're making in terms of taking full advantage of the GST cut, to either buy more sum assured or -- so
basically, even after the changing price, we'll be able to maintain our average ticket size, which basically
tells you people are buying a lot more cover with the same amount of money. They could have chosen to
buy similar cover with lower premiums, but most customers have not chosen to do that. So that's a very,
very good sign.

With all of this as well, in spite of all of this, we are still fairly underinsured as a country, and the customer
segments that we believe require more insurance. So we are far from saturated. Customers are making
different choices to buy protection. Some who are comfortable using the savings vehicle have these
options that we discussed earlier in terms of riders or higher embedded sum assured. But a lot of young
customers are taking pure protection products, and the GST change has been a fairly big catalyst there.
Vinod Rajamani
Nirmal Bang Securities Pvt. Ltd., Research Division
Yes. The other question I had was on this -- on the -- there's a specific question on the HDFC Bank
channel. So is the bank trying to kind of prioritize, say, deprioritizing non-par savings? I mean it's a trend
which is kind of visible in terms of the fact that ULIP share is increasing -- it has been increasing. So is the
bank kind of -- is they -- do they see it as competing with deposit holders and so on? Is that trend -- is
that something -- is that something which is being felt?
Vineet Arora
Whole-time Director & Chief Business Officer
No, we haven't seen this kind of a, let's say, a completely deliberated kind of a move towards one
particular product mix. The ULIP mix is mostly coming in from, I think, the demand from the customers
and more of an easier sale, especially certain segments, like we spoke about when you're able to configure
[ rushwaterpay ], et cetera, et cetera, in ULIPs for certain -- by certain insurance companies. So I think
that's the reason why you've seen maybe a larger skew happening in the ULIP side in HDFC Bank.

I've not really seen the reason that this might be competing with a deposit or that kind of nature. And
also, we have always focused on long-term guarantees, long-term products, which do not really fall
into the banks' competing foray. I mean they work on a medium-term kind of assured returns, and our
products have always focused on much longer-term guarantees.
Operator
The next question comes from the line of Tejas Takuna, an individual investor.
Unknown Attendee
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                 22
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



I have 2 questions. What was the percentage contribution from HDFC Bank Banca channel in terms of --
in the individual overall new business premium? And the second one, you mentioned that the MFI sector
growing and catching up in Q4, what was the growth that was registered in credit life new business --
premium business?
Vineet Arora
Whole-time Director & Chief Business Officer
So I'll first take the MFI business. So MFI, I think we saw the growth coming back in quarter 4. Quarter 4
MFI growth, because there was also a subdued base last year, was in excess of 40%. While on an overall
year basis, I think we saw business growth of about 13-odd percent. It is slightly slower than our CP
growth, but that's the full year number on the MFI base.

On HDFC Bank, our NBP contribution on received premium is, I think, approximately about 40-odd
percent.
Operator
The next question is from the line of Manjeet Buaria from Saamya Advisors LLP.
Manjeet Buaria
Vibha, I had one question. Why did we not revisit our dividend policy and skip about INR 450 crores of
dividend payout when we are simultaneously looking to raise INR 1,000 crores in a primary issue?
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
See, we do have a lot of retail investors, close to 9 lakhs, 10 lakhs of retail investors. There are pension
funds. And so it's not only for -- when you look at banks, let's take that example, banks come to the
market to raise capital all the time, and they pay dividends. So it's no different. It's just that in life
insurance, the back book so far has largely funded normal growth.

Now protection here has been a lot higher than in the past 17, 18 years that I've been associated with
the sector. That's a good problem to have. However, it requires capital. So this is growth capital. If there
was an issue in terms of some hole that is caused because of some inefficiencies or something like that,
then maybe what you're saying could be considered. But this is growth capital, no different from any other
sector. And this is business as usual as far as existing shareholders are concerned, especially the retail
shareholders. I think that's how we had to triangulate. Hence, we've kept it flat. So we've tried to balance
the 2 objectives.
Manjeet Buaria
I understand that, Vibha, but actually, it's also indicative that the Board would not want to raise primary
unless you are at a fair price. And given the way our valuations have tracked over the last few years,
you're indirectly indicating that we are already at that fair price. So I mean, ideally, you don't want to do
that, right? I mean, typically, banks have raised a lot of capital. They have done at much higher valuation
multiples than their fair valuation multiples. But anyway, I was just curious about that.
Operator
The next question is from the line of Nidhesh Jain from Investec.
Nidhesh Jain
Investec Bank plc, Research Division
My question is on margin. So this year, we had a negative impact of 110 basis points because of GST and
20 basis points of surrenders. So that should not recur next year. So should our starting margin should be
higher than almost 130 basis points, what we have shown in FY '26?
Niraj Ashwin Shah

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                23
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



CFO & Executive Director
So Nidhesh, yes, I mean, the GST impact is something that we will neutralize in the first half of next
year. Post that, it is completely baked into the business model. And after that, whatever delivery happens
should be on that basis. So before GST or rather, I think end of Q4 -- Q3, we did mention that we'd like
to get back to the levels of FY '25 in the 25-plus percent range. Can we get to that? We possibly can. But
like I mentioned earlier on the call, that's not something that we're going to prioritize. What we're going to
prioritize is to get the growth back to the handle that we are comfortable with and deliver VNB growth at
least in line with that. And if there is any potential and scope to expand margins beyond that, absolutely,
we will try and do that. But the priority will be to get growth back to where we would like it to be.
Operator
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Ms. Vibha
Padalkar for closing comments. Over to you, ma'am.
Vibha U. Padalkar
MD, CEO & Director
Thank you for joining us today. Should you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to reach out to
our Investor Relations team. Have a good evening.
Operator
Thank you. On behalf of HDFC Life Insurance Company, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                            24
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 16, 2026



Copyright © 2026 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                     25
