ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited NSEI:ICICIGI
FQ3 2026 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, January 13, 2026 1:15 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates
                                                 -FQ3 2026-                                  -FQ4 2026-   -FY 2026-             -FY 2027-

                          CONSENSUS                ACTUAL               SURPRISE              CONSENSUS   CONSENSUS             CONSENSUS

 EPS Normalized               15.09                 13.14                 (12.92 %)              11.32      59.15                 66.53

 Revenue (mm)               69000.00              66101.50                 (4.20 %)            66100.00   257456.10             287810.28
Currency: INR
Consensus as of Jan-13-2026 12:32 AM GMT




                                                                                   - EPS NORMALIZED -

                                                       CONSENSUS                               ACTUAL               SURPRISE

           FQ4 2025                                           12.07                              10.20              (15.49 %)

           FQ1 2026                                           12.22                              14.92               22.09 %

           FQ2 2026                                           16.55                              16.35               (1.21 %)

           FQ3 2026                                           15.09                              13.14              (12.92 %)




COPYRIGHT © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved                                 1
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
Contents




Table of Contents

Call Participants                                     ..................................................................................   3
Presentation                                          ..................................................................................   4
Question and Answer                                   ..................................................................................   9




COPYRIGHT © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved                                         2
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026




Call Participants
EXECUTIVES

Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer

Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director

ANALYSTS

Avinash Singh
Emkay Global Financial Services
Ltd., Research Division

Nidhesh Jain
Investec Bank plc, Research
Division

Nischint Chawathe
Kotak Securities (Institutional
Equities)

Prayesh Jain
Motilal Oswal Securities Limited,
Research Division

Sanketh Godha
Spark Institutional Equities Private
Limited, Research Division

Supratim Datta
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Swarnabha Mukherjee
Batlivala & Karani Securities India
Pvt. Ltd., Research Division




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                       3
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026



Presentation
Operator
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited's Q3 and 9 Months FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call. From the senior management, we have
with us today Mr. Sanjeev Mantri, MD and CEO of the company; Mr. Gopal Balachandran, CFO; Mr. Anand
Singhi, Chief Retail and Government, Mr. Girish Nayak, Chief Technology and Health, Underwriting and
Claims; Mr. Sandeep Goradia, Chief Corporate Solutions, International and bancassurance; and Mr. Gaurav
Arora, Chief Reinsurance, Underwriting and Claims for Property & Casualty.

Please note that any statements, comments are made in today's call that may look like forward-looking
statements are based on the information presently available to the management and do not constitute an
indication of any future performance as future involve risks and uncertainties which could cause results to
differ materially from the current views being expressed. [Operator Instructions]

I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Mantri, MD and CEO, ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir.
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
Good evening to each one of you. Thank you for joining the earnings conference call for ICICI Lombard
for quarter 3 and 9 months financial year 2026. At the outset, let me wish you all a very Happy New Year
and best of health and happiness. I would like to give you a brief overview of the recent economic industry
trends, which have shaped the operating environment over the past few months. Following that, our
CFO, Mr. Gopal Balachandran, will take you through the company's financial performance for the recently
concluded quarter and 9 months.

The Indian economy recorded a GDP growth of 8.2% in quarter 2, up from 7.8% in the preceding quarter.
The expansion was underpinned by sustained government capital expenditure coupled with an increase in
private CapEx, robust services activity and a rebound in private consumption. Consumption was further
supported by easing inflation and the GST rationalization implemented in late September 2025.

Coming to Q3 financial year 2026, the index of industrial production, IIP data indicates positivity
supported by manufacturing growth, continued infrastructure development and a turnaround in consumer
goods segment.
E-way bill generation and toll collections during the same period recorded a growth of 13% and 17% Y-o-
Y, reflecting strong underlying economic activity. We believe that these high-frequency indicators should
augur well for our commercial line of segment.

Boyd by GST rationalization, the automobile sector has seen a significant uptick in sales. According to
retail sales data based on vahan registration, the auto industry recorded a growth of 19.5% for quarter 3
2026, resulting in a total of 9.4 million vehicles sold. Within this, private car has seen a growth of 19.3%,
translating to 1.3 million vehicles. The 2-wheeler segment grew by 19.2% with the 7 million vehicles,
whereas commercial vehicles grew by 22.2% with 1.1 million vehicles being sold.

Interestingly, the overall growth in the vehicle sales is the highest in last 12 quarters. To add to it, this
growth is more broad-based as Tier 3 cities and beyond have demonstrated faster growth in both private
car and 2-wheeler segments. This is also corroborated by strong growth of 28.8% in tractor sales for the
quarter. Overall, the acceleration in new vehicle sales for the quarter has also led to a 7.7% growth for
calendar year 2025 with 28.1 million units being sold.

The landmark decision of exemption of GST on retail health insurance has significantly improved
affordability and increased awareness. The industry has passed on the complete benefit of GST
exemptions to the end customers. This has led to an increase in policy uptake as more customers are
seeking health care protection. Here too, the growth in retail health appears to be broad-based across
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                 4
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026


markets and it's supported by a surge in first-time buyers, especially for Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities, which is a
positive for the sector.

On the regulatory front, the government of India took a significant step during the quarter by introducing
forward-looking reforms in the insurance laws with the passage of Sabka Bima Sabki Raksha, amendment
of insurance laws Bill 2025. While most of these amendments will have far-reaching effects on the
insurance sector over time, a few important changes pertaining to the Insurance Act are as follows.

Foreign investment in an Indian insurance company has enhanced from 74% to 100%, thereby supporting
capital inflows, enabling provisions in the Amendment Act to facilitate business other than traditional
insurance underwriting and distribution, thereby allowing insurers to offer holistic risk management
services. Simplification of provisions relating to investments of assets. We are excited about these
changes, and we do believe that this should be structurally positive and would accelerate the growth and
development of the insurance sector. This will also facilitate ease of doing business and provide better
protection and risk management solutions to the policyholders.

In another significant reform in November 2025, the Government of India formally made effective 4
new central labor codes, including the code on Social Security 2020. Consequent to this, benefits like
gratuity, leave engagement, et cetera, paid on basic salary are now required to be paid basis the new
broader definition of wage. We believe these changes should translate into a more resilient workforce and
strengthen employee security over time. This change has a onetime impact on the financials, which will be
covered by Gopal in his section.

Let me now dwell upon the industry performance for the period ended 31st December 2025. The general
insurance industry reported a GDPI growth of 8.7% for 9 months 2026. Excluding crop and mass health
segment, the GDPI growth at 13.3% -- growth stood at 13.3% for the period 9 months 2026. Speaking
on specific segments within the industry, Commercial segment recorded a healthy growth of 14.8% for
9 months 2026 and 16.3% for quarter 3 2026. This growth led by strong momentum in the Fire line,
which grew at 20.1% for 9 months 2026. As mentioned above, this is driven by an increase in CapEx,
particularly in areas such as road, railways and renewable energy.

The Motor segment grew at 8.9% in 9 months 2026 compared to 7.6% in H1 2026. For quarter 3 financial
year 2026, the growth stood at 10.9%, supported by festive season demand and the positive impact
of GST rationalization. Health segment grew at 14.2% for 9 months 2026 with a strong momentum of
27.6% growth in quarter 3 of 2026, led by retail health, which grew at 33.6% and group health growth
of 23.1%, underscoring strong demand across the segment. On the other hand, industry combined
ratio worsened from 113.3% in H1 of 2025 to 119.2% in H1 of 2026, indicating continued underwriting
pressure. During the same period, ICICI CoR moved from 103.2% in financial year 2025 to 104.0% in H1
of 2026, reinforcing our superior financial performance through disciplined underwriting.

The motor line of business remains a key area of stress with the industry CoR increasing from 124.8% in
H1 of 2025 to 128.5% in H1 of 2026. ICICI Lombard demonstrated better portfolio management in motor
insurance with the combined ratio improving from 108% to 106.9% during the same period.

I will now proceed to present our company's performance across key business segments. For 9 months
2026, gross domestic premium income of the company grew by 3.6% compared to industry growth of
8.7% for the same period. Within this, for quarter 3 2026, the company reported a premium growth of
13.3% compared to industry growth of 11.5%, thereby improving its market share from 8.1% for quarter
3 2025 to 8.3% for quarter 3 2026. For December 2025, in particular, the company's growth in GDPI was
16.1% in comparison to the industry growth of 14.4%. Excluding crop and mass health, the company
recorded a growth of 7.5% during 9-month financial year 2026 against the industry growth of 13.3%.
Within this, for quarter 3 2025, the company recorded a growth of 16.4% as against the industry growth
of 20.1%.

In the commercial line segment, our growth stood at 7.4% and 6.8% for quarter 3 2026 and 9 months
2026, respectively, while the industry grew by 16.3% for quarter 3 2026 and 14.8% for 9 months 2026.
We continue to be focused on delivering profitable growth through disciplined underwriting, prudent risk
selection and portfolio diversification, resulting in the growth of Fire segment by 18.8% in quarter 3 2026,
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                               5
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026


driven by 27.4% growth in the SME segment. Further, the company delivered a 19.3% growth in Fire
compared to 15.8% industry growth for the month of December 2025. In the Engineering segment, our
growth stood at 15.2% and 13.3% for quarter 3 2026 and 9 months 2026, respectively, while the industry
during the same period grew by 11.5% and 12.9%, respectively. This led to we attaining leadership
position in Engineering segment for the 9 months 2026.

On the other side, for 9 months 2026, the company's growth for marine cargo and liability segment
was not in line with the industry growth on account of portfolio rationalization. However, we continue
to maintain our leadership position in these lines. In Motor segment for 9 months 2026, the company
recorded a growth of 5%, whereas the industry grew by 8.9%. While our growth in H1 of 2026 was only
2.2%, a rebound was observed in Q3 2026, driven by an underlying buoyancy in new motor vehicle sales.
Consequently, the motor segment grew by 9.3% in Q3 2026, supported by a strong growth of 16.1% in
December 2025.

Despite heightened competitive intensity in the recent quarters, we remain focused on profitable growth,
driven by continuous expansion across distribution channels and a more granular portfolio segmentation.
Importantly, the company continues to maintain its leadership position in the motor segment with a
market share of 10.7% for 9 months 2026. The company's portfolio -- motor portfolio mix of private car,
2-wheeler and commercial vehicle stood at 53.6%, 25.8% and 20.6%, respectively, for 9-month financial
year 2026.

In the health segment, the company grew by 42% and 13.8% for quarter 3 2026 and for 9 months 2026,
respectively, as against the industry growth of 27.6% and 14.2% for quarter 3 financial year 2026 and
9 months 2026, respectively. Our health business delivered a robust growth of 85.8% in quarter 3 2026
and 44.8% in 9 months 2026, significantly outperforming the industry growth of 33.6% in quarter 3 and
16.5% for 9 months 2026. Our growth was fueled by new-to-industry customer growth of 1.7x for quarter
3 2026 and 1.4x for 9 months 2026. Thus, our market share increases to 4% in 9 months 2026 compared
to 3.2% for the same period in the previous year. And for quarter 3 2026, our market share has increased
to 4.5% from 3.2% for the same period in previous year. The strong performance has also been driven by
sustained investment in strengthening our retail distribution capabilities across channels.

The Group Health segment registered a growth of 26.6% and 5.9% for quarter 3 2026 and 9 months
2026, respectively, while the industry grew by 23.1% for quarter 3 2026 and 12.6% for 9 months 2026. I
would now like to apprise you of certain strategic initiatives that continue to drive operational excellence
and customer centricity across the organization. The One IL One Call Center initiative continues to deliver
strong momentum in the company's transition towards a digital-first do-it-yourself servicing model. In
December, over 60% of the total service engagements were managed digitally as against 38% only
for April 2025. This was possible due to our AI interventions through various bots, which has helped
customers in adopting DIY service modes.

This has led to improved turnaround times, service consistency and increased productivity. Our
differentiated service initiatives, which we can -- which we had spoken about in our previous call have
resulted in increase of our call center NPS to 73 in Q3 of 2026 from 60 in Q1 of financial year 2026.
Building on our One IL One Digital framework, we continue to take positive strides toward offering a
seamless and omnichannel experience across our website and the IL TakeCare platform. As you might
recall, the IL TakeCare app was initially launched to provide a continuum of care for our health insurance
customers. Over time, the app has continuously evolved with new functionalities and features, making it a
comprehensive one-stop solution for service and sales across multiple retail product lines.

The app has now crossed 19.7 million downloads as of December 31, 2025, reflecting growing customer
engagement and digital adoption. The customer registered -- the company registered a GWP of INR 3.54
billion for 9 months 2026 from the IL TakeCare app as against INR 1.45 billion for the same period last
year. IL TakeCare has also made significant progress in addressing key customer service requirements
and delivering a seamless insurance experience. Just to highlight, for TripSecure+, our premier travel
insurance product, customers can now independently manage claims, policy cancellations, extensions
and modifications through the app. These enhancements have enabled 93% of service requests to be


Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                6
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026


processed on DIY basis without the need for manual intervention leading to a corresponding reduction in
support call volumes.

Notably, 79% of claim intimation for TripSecure+ in December 2025 were also initiated through IL
TakeCare app as compared to 22% in July 2025. In order to continually enhance our efficiency levels
in motor claims, we have expanded our cashless garage network from 13,600-plus garages in quarter
3 2025 to 15,000 garages in quarter 3 2026. 75.2% of our non-OEM claims for quarter 3 2026 were
serviced at PPN, up from 73.6% in quarter 3 2025, leading to an enhanced customer experience. In the
retail segment, 99.6% of our total claims were paid within 30 days and for motor insurance own damage
segment, 96.8% of our claims were paid within 30 days for the period ended 9 months 2026. As a result,
our NPAs for H1 2026 for health claims stood at 70% and for motor claims stood at 69%, reinforcing our
position as a customer-centric organization.

In conclusion, the domestic macro environment remains supportive with broad-based consumption
showing healthy momentum. We remain focused on building a sustainable long-term franchise anchored
in the strength of our technology processes and service architecture. Through our One IL One Team
initiative, we continue to sharpen execution, drive consistency and deliver customer outcomes at scale. We
are well positioned to convert a more supportive demand environment into a steady high-quality growth
while maintaining discipline in underwriting, service delivery and operating efficiency.

I will now request Gopal to take you through the financial numbers for the period 9 months 2026.
Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer
Thanks, Sanjeev, and good evening to each one of you. I will now give you a brief overview of the financial
performance of the recently concluded quarter and 9 months. We have uploaded the results presentation
on our website. You all can access it as we walk you through the performance numbers.

With effect from October 1, 2024, long-term products are accounted on a 1/n basis as mandated by our
regulator. Please refer to the investor presentation on Slide 16 for a much more detailed information on
comparison of financials on n and 1/n basis.

Now let me update on GDPI numbers. Please note these numbers are on 1/n basis. The GDPI of the
company was at INR 213.72 billion in 9 months current year as against INR 206.23 billion in 9 months FY
'25, a growth of 3.6% as against the industry growth of 8.7%. GDPI of the company was at INR 70.41
billion in Q3 FY '26 as against INR 62.14 billion in Q3 FY '25, a growth of 13.3% as against the industry
growth of 11.5% resulting in our market share to grow from 8.1% in quarter 3 last year to 8.3% in
quarter 3 of the current year.

On the retail side of the business, GDPI of the motor segment was at INR 33.99 billion in Q3 FY '26 as
against INR 31.09 billion in Q3 FY '25, registering a growth of 9.3%. The advance premium for Motor
segment was at INR 41.26 billion as at December 31, 2025, as against INR 39.13 billion as at September
30, 2025. GDPI of the health segment was at INR 20.44 billion in Q3 this year as against INR 14.53 billion
in Q3 FY '25, registering a growth of 40.6%. Within this, our retail health segment registered a robust
growth of 85.8% during the same period. GDPI of our commercial lines was at INR 15.72 billion in Q3 FY
'26 as against INR 14.63 billion in Q3 FY '25, registering a growth of 7.4%.

Our agents, which includes the point-of-sale distribution count was 1,50,458 as at December 31, 2025,
up from 1,47,408 as at September 30, 2025. Our combined ratio on 1/n basis was 104.2% in 9 months
current year as against 102.9% in 9 months last year. On an n basis, our combined ratio was 103.1% in
the current year as against 102.8% in 9 months last year. The combined ratio on again 1/n for this quarter
3 current year was 104.5% as against 102.7% in Q3 last year. Again, on an n basis, for this year, quarter
3, combined ratio was 103.1% as against 102.3% in Q3 FY '25.

We have been talking about the impact of cat losses. If one was to exclude the impact of cat losses of INR
0.84 billion in 9 months current year and INR 0.94 billion in 9 months of last year, the combined ratio on
a 1/n basis was 103.7% and 102.3%, respectively. The same numbers on an n basis was 102.6% and
102.2%, respectively.
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                             7
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026


Now coming to the quarter, excluding the impact of cat losses of INR 0.11 billion in Q3 current year,
the combined ratio on 1/n was 104.3% and the same numbers on an n basis was 103%. There were no
cat losses in Q3 FY '25. And as mentioned by Sanjeev in his opening remarks, excluding the impact of
wage code of INR 0.55 billion, our combined ratio on a 1/n basis for 9 months current year and quarter
3 current year was 103.9% and 103.5%, respectively. On an n basis, our combined ratio, excluding the
wage code impact was 102.8% and 102.2% for 9 months and Q3, respectively.

Our investment assets during the quarter rose to INR 582.96 billion as at December 31, 2025, up from
INR 562 billion as at September 30, 2025. Our investment leverage net of borrowings was 3.6x at
December 31, 2025, as against 3.57x at September 30, 2025. Investment income was at INR 37.57
billion in 9 months current year as against INR 33.73 billion in 9 months last year. On a quarterly basis,
investment income was at INR 12.19 billion in Q3 current year as against INR 11.21 billion in Q3 last year.
Our capital gains, net of impairment on investment assets stood at INR 9.33 billion in 9 months current
year as against INR 7.96 billion in 9 months last year.

Capital gains stood at INR 3.17 billion in quarter 3 current year as compared to INR 2.76 billion in Q3 last
year. On a 1/n basis, our PBT grew by 10.8% at INR 29.41 billion in 9 months current year as against
INR 26.53 billion in 9 months last year. Again, for the quarter, on a 1/n basis, PBT degrew by 9.4% for
the current quarter as against INR 9.6 billion in Q3 last year. Consequently, on a 1/n basis, PAT grew by
11.3% at INR 22.25 billion in 9 months current year as against INR 19.99 billion in 9M last year. The same
numbers on an n basis for profit after tax grew by 13.8% at INR 22.22 billion in 9 months current year as
against INR 19.53 billion in 9 months last year.

On a 1/n basis, PAT degrew by 9.1% at INR 6.59 billion in Q3 current year from INR 7.24 billion in Q3
last year. Again, coming back to an n basis, PAT remained flattish at INR 6.8 billion in Q3 current year
from INR 6.79 billion in Q3 last year. Excluding the impact of wage code, on a 1/n basis, PAT was INR
22.67 billion in 9 months current year and INR 7 billion in Q3 current year, registering a growth of 13.4%
and a degrowth of 3.3%, respectively. The same numbers on an n basis, PAT was INR 22.64 billion for 9
months current year and INR 7.21 billion in Q3 of this quarter, registering a growth of 15.9% and 6.3%,
respectively.

Coming to ROE. On a 1/n basis, it was 19.5% in 9 months as against 20.8% in 9 months last year. ROE
for the quarter 3 current year was 16.5% as against 21.5% in Q3 FY '25. Excluding the wage code impact,
on a 1/n basis, ROE was 19.8% and 17.5% in 9 months and Q3 of the current year, respectively. Solvency
ratio was at 2.69x at December 31, 2025, as against 2.73x at September 30, 2025, continues to be higher
than the minimum regulatory requirement of 1.5x.
As I conclude, I would like to state that we are all aligned with our resource of driving profitable growth,
consistent and sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders while ensuring that the interest of the
policyholders are in the forefront at all times. I'd like to thank you all for attending this earnings call, and
we will now be happy to take any questions that you have. Thank you.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                               8
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026



Question and Answer
Operator
[Operator Instructions]

Our first question comes from the line of Supratim Datta from Jefferies.
Supratim Datta
Jefferies LLC, Research Division
My first question is on the labor code. We understand that there is a INR 50 crore impact from the labor
code changes. Just wanted to understand what proportion of this is recurring versus what proportion of
this was onetime? That was the first question.

Secondly, coming to growth, now despite the GST tailwinds, the growth even on the motor side, if I see,
has been slower than what the industry has witnessed. And I do understand that competition has been
elevated. But the regulator at the regulatory level has taken multiple steps, be it expense of management
guidelines or discussions with the industry to reduce the competitive intensity or bring in some bit of
rationality, yet we are not able to see that happen.

So from here, if I'm taking a 2- to 3-year view, what will drive growth in the motor segment for a player
like you, which already has 10%, 11% market share. That's -- if you could throw some light on that,
that would be very helpful. And lastly, on the motor TP loss ratio. I do understand last time there was
a [ TP ] but this time, it seems to be a more normalized loss ratio. Should we assume that the reserve
releases would hold and there is no further release that would come in the fourth quarter? Or could there
be further releases that would come in the fourth quarter? If you could throw some light on the reserve
release, that would also be very helpful.
Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer
Thanks, Supratim, for those questions. On the first one, so far as the labor code is concerned, obviously,
the impact of INR 55 crores in that sense is onetime because it's primarily the liability resulting from an
actuarial valuation for the past service cost, insofar as wages is concerned. Having said that, obviously,
this code is also evolving. So hence, to that extent, we will have to see if there are any more incremental
guidelines or rules that come into existence. But at this point of time, basis whatever has been released
thus far, this impact of INR 55 crores is what is the past service cost, which is more -- which is a complete
impact that we have taken in the financials of quarter 3 and 9 months.

And if you would have seen also the disclosure that we have made, there is an element of roughly about
INR 17 crores. This is the amount of unamortized cost, which will kind of get amortized over the next 3
years and in line with again the actuarial report. Those are the 2 numbers insofar as the impact of wage
code is concerned. INR 55 crores is more a onetime impact in the financials. INR 17 crores of amortized
cost is something that will get amortized over the next 3 years. So that's in response to the first one.

On the response to the third question, motor third-party loss ratios, I think I will keep reiterating this.
What we have told the market is overall motor loss ratio range that we have spoken is between 65% to
67%. And if you look at the 9-month numbers, and that is something that we keep urging that you should
keep looking at year-to-date numbers than more quarterly outcomes. The 9-month numbers for the
current year motor overall stands at about 66.3%. This is both own damage and third-party put together.
It's kind of pretty much playing out in line with the range that one has spoken about. And hence, to that
extent, we are quite happy with the way how things have progressed.

To your point on any impact of reserving, et cetera, et cetera, again, we will keep stressing on the fact
that there has been no change in any of our actuarial assumptions. And therefore, to that extent, it is not
that we have done anything specific, whether it was in the context of last year or even for the matter of

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                               9
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026


fact, when you look at the numbers from a current year perspective. So that's in response to the third
one.

And on the second one, I will -- maybe Sanjeev...
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
Yes, I will just -- so on the motor part, clearly, first up, we are extremely excited with the positive
environment that has got created. As I was giving the briefing, the quarter 3 numbers the growth in
number of vehicles across private car, 2-wheeler as well as CV, which was -- which has been more than
19%, the highest in last 12 quarters is a very, very good sign. This increase in number has also come
with the GST rationalization, which made the vehicles cheaper. And with that coming through, we had to
also realign what is required. And we also spoke about in terms of how the combined for the market has
moved in motor from 124%, which was hard enough to 128%. So the realignment was a very key piece,
which is what we as an organization has done. Consequent to this, what we are seeing is the growth of
December, in particular, where we have exceeded the market expectations.

We remain very positively driven overall as to what motor holds for us. We've closed the year with
a 10.7% market share, probably a loss of 0.4% or thereabouts as to what we had 9 months. But as
we close the positivity with which we expect even Q4 numbers to build up on the new sales would
drive growth for us because that is the combination, which we are probably best at. Overall, from an
environment standpoint, we do see consumption playing a big role. And in that, of course, mobility of a 2-
wheeler customer seeking private car and thereabout also is becoming very clear.

Also one more point which augur well for us is we've been a distribution-led company, and the growth is
broad-based, which is where we're seeing that beyond Tier 3 and above where the market growth also is
coming. It again is a bit positive for us, and it will help us to drive what we want to drive as an agenda.
So we are overall on motor, very positively placed, but the realignment in wake of what the intensity is
seen is something which is warranted, and we've always maintained that we'll never shy away from taking
those calls. But a range bound 10.7% market share where we stand, we are pretty much involved as a
#1 player, as a top most player, we are also very aware of the responsibility that we carry in the motor
segment in particular.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark.
Sanketh Godha
Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited, Research Division
See, the retail health growth 85 or 86-odd percentage in the third quarter, honestly, it has the unwinding
portion of last year, too. So if I do end-to-end comparison, which is more like-to-like, so can you just spell
out the growth, how the retail health has panned out if you look on an end-to-end basis?
Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer
Sanketh, we are not separately calling that out. So honestly, to that extent, I think what we would say is
that what we are very excited is what I think Sanjeev responded even on motor. I think the underlying
demand on ground is kind of pretty much playing out consequent to some of the rationalizations that have
happened in the context of GST that we have kind of talked about even in the last quarter. And hence, to
that extent, one would say that the growth is very, very exciting. And hence, to that extent, while it does
have an impact, but honestly, our sense is, I think broadly, even if I were to kind of give a number even
on an n basis, I think that growth will be more or less around the same range of between 80% to 85%.
So hence, it doesn't kind of change much, which is what we have said. What we are very, very excited is
more the underlying demand momentum than looking at numbers, whether on an n basis or a 1/n basis.
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                             10
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026


Yes. And also, we're talking about -- if you look at the numbers, we have grown on 80% plus in all 3
months, October, November and December. So very clearly, the need for differentiating that and talking
as it is, it's not an easy commentary. We're talking 1/n by n for you to listen on audio itself is a challenge.
I can tell you, probably you can make more sense when you have the script in hand. But this growth
and what we have been doing over a sustained quarter also is reflected in the market share, which has
increased to 4.5% in Q3, which is -- which clearly speaks about the underlying momentum that the team
has been able to build. And if your question is, do you see this momentum probably playing out even
in quarter 4, my answer would be every reason to believe and it's again driven by a very good demand
across markets. So there is a play and we have a product and we have a team which is capable of driving
this transition. If you had asked at the beginning of the year, did we expect 4.5% kind of market share,
my answer would have been probably it would have been a shade lower than that.

So there is tailwind, which is also helping us look better than what we could have been. But would we
have been far -- probably would have been 4%. So it's pretty much there, and we are well set. So we are
at the right place at the right time as far as health is concerned.
Sanketh Godha
Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited, Research Division
Sanjeev, this -- I mean, honestly, this growth is a little extraordinary even if I look at from the industry
standard point of view. Is it any particular channel or you which were not present in a particular channel
now exploring the channel has contributed to the growth?
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
That I can explain to you. That I can explain Sanketh. That's what your question was. So see, the product
Elevate was launched last year, July, okay? So we had started doing well in that, and that renewal base
also comes and gets added to the book. So mathematically, plus supported by the tailwind, there is an
answer to that part. I mean I'm definitely not saying that 85% of the growth that will continue over
quarters and quarters. So mathematically speaking, the retention of a product and the quality product is
there, then you get good customers and the retention also is very high. And so there is that part which is
helping us to drive this kind of a growth, Sanketh.
Sanketh Godha
Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited, Research Division
Understood. But any new channel which contributed like maybe you were not present in one part?
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
Of course, our agency channel has opened up significantly, and we're able to attract a lot more channels.
So agency is driving this growth. But at the same time, even on website. So we've been pretty across
channels, but the contribution percentage per se of what was there would not have gone through a
significant change if you look at the distribution pattern. So we are seeing this growth across channels,
Sanketh.
Sanketh Godha
Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited, Research Division
Sanjeev, the reason I'm asking is that...
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
And even banca for that matter.
Sanketh Godha
Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited, Research Division

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                11
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026


Understood. Understood. The reason I'm asking this question is that is our payout structure to the
distributor is more skewed on n basis rather than 1/n basis and given the...
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
No, no, no, no. We have absolute clarity that even if it's long term, what we will do is what comes with 1/
n. As a team for us, we continue to operate strictly on those guidelines, Sanketh.
Sanketh Godha
Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited, Research Division
Okay. Understood. Sir basically, commission payout are also on 1/n basis?
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
Yes. On that, yes.
Sanketh Godha
Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited, Research Division
Okay. Understood.
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
So it would be differentiated to that extent that one first year would be something and then second and
third year. That obviously is the case, but it is distributed basis.
Sanketh Godha
Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited, Research Division
Understood. If I squeeze in one more, sorry.
Operator
Sorry to interrupt, Sanketh may we request you to return to the queue for follow-up questions as there
are several other participants waiting for their turn.
Sanketh Godha
Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited, Research Division
Yes, sure.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal.
Prayesh Jain
Motilal Oswal Securities Limited, Research Division
I have a couple of questions. Just a couple of questions. Firstly, on the motor side, Sanjeev, we've seen
tremendous growth in volumes. And what I've understood is there is premiumization trends as well. In
spite of that, the premium growth for the industry has a decent gap between the volume growth of the
industry as well as the premium growth what we have seen, right? So in that sense, what is causing that
disparity? And have you seen any further pricing aggression in Q3 with respect to motor OD premiums
given that it was anticipated that the growth would be there and the competition intensity increase? That's
my first question.

And second question is in terms of retail health, could you give us some qualitative or some numbers
around as to what is the kind of growth that is driving the new customers that are coming? What are they
coming at? What kind of sum assured they are coming? And also the existing customers, are they scaling
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                           12
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026


up the sum assured and maintaining the premium levels? Or what's the kind of trajectory that we are
seeing there?
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
Yes. Okay. So on the motor side, Prayesh, clearly, if you see the growth has been broad-based, and you've
seen small cars, the small hatchback cars being sold far higher than any other car. So the volume growth
may not necessarily translate into equivalent growth in premium for the industry. And also what has to be
noted is that this growth also is fueled by the rationalization, which happened from 28% to 18%, which
itself led to an impact on the yield per vehicle going down. So it's a combined thing, and that is where the
realignment also had to be done by us as a team to ensure that what we pick up overall from the market
with respect to our own motor portfolio. And also, we spoke about how the H1 is seeing the combined
ratio getting.

That's to answer the competitive intensity that you're speaking about, the motor combined is 124.5% and
thereabouts had very little room to go further down. It moved down to 128%. And if that is the kind of
development that comes in. There is no reason to believe that the competition intensity has gone down
and at the same time, you spoke about specific players coming and coming out. Frankly speaking, our
journey is very secular. We've got a decent understanding and we back ourselves in terms of what we
are picking up and what we do -- want to do in this motor segment in particular. We are -- and we have
always maintained that we are very comfortable walking away what is not making basic sense on the ROE
level for motor as a book.

So we do understand we are willing to play the game if there's an ROE that comes through, even if it's
on an elevated combined, but not in a random manner where we just keep acquiring because there's an
opportunity available. So that kind of a discipline is what drives us. And that's why when the industry
has moved from 124% to 128%. Our combined actually improved by some percentage and some few
more basis points in that H1 period also. So it's to be taken in collaboration while maintaining market
leadership. So further pricing aggression, very little room, but we maintained that over the last couple of
quarters, but we are very unfazed because our journey of how we can slice and dice and do what makes
sense for us, we would back ourselves and we are very confident that we'll be able to deliver what is
warranted for us as a company.

Is that, Prayesh, I hope this answers what you're seeking on motor.
Prayesh Jain
Motilal Oswal Securities Limited, Research Division
Just one thing on this, Sanjeev.
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
I know [ TPI ] is another part which I must add to say, which has made the yield look what it is. We have
been always expecting it, but it's not come through as yet.
Prayesh Jain
Motilal Oswal Securities Limited, Research Division
Okay. Just one thing on that motor before you kind of answered the retail health. The hatchbacks and the
smaller cars, would you say that given a lot of them could be the first-time buyers, structurally and given
you have a large history of -- long history of data on the same kind of vehicles being sold on the first-time
buyers, would you say that the loss ratios could be higher on this segment going ahead?
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
Of course, Prayesh, we can discuss in detail, but the long answer, I'll make it short and say the cars have
also started coming with much better safety features. The road also has changed. So there is a lot more
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                            13
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026


the challan systems are getting digitized, the overlay in terms of investigating what's gone wrong because
there are cameras everywhere across the country, the surveillance has increased. So there's a lot more
pluses. There are a lot more minuses. I'm not saying it. And these are all the factors that we are able to
use to drive what we want to drive as a team, and that's the USP that we carry, right? So we would be too
fazed by it. And if we do see segment going out of hand, I think our ability to take a call probably ahead
of the market is what differentiates us as a team. I hope, again, I'm able to put across what I'm saying,
Prayesh.
Prayesh Jain
Motilal Oswal Securities Limited, Research Division
Yes, absolutely.
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
And on the retail health, clearly, we have seen far more awareness. I think this GST cut besides, of course,
making it more affordable has been the biggest marketing to make the individuals and their families
to realize that health insurance is critical. And as a trend, to be very honest, we do see some insured
increasing significantly. We see bulk of our customers in the range of INR 7.5 lakhs to INR 10 lakhs
sum insured, so which is a big positive. Also to just share with all of you, whenever a customer picks
up a higher sum insured, the ability to retain and be with us is much higher because the quality of the
customer is much better. So yes, it's a big plus for us as a company.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global.
Avinash Singh
Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd., Research Division
So a couple of questions. The first one is looking at the impact of 1/n in terms of combined ratios, is it
kind of a fair assumption that your multiyear product has seen a very, very strong growth. If you can
sort of provide some color, I mean, within your retail health, what is the multiyear premium share? So
that's one. Second, kind of that now we are kind of have seen 9, 10 months of the year. So for FY '27, if
I have missed, I don't know, you can provide some kind of guidance on growth as well as on combined.
And related partly, in motor third-party should we expect by the time of Q4 some reserve releases given
that -- I mean, where your reserving are sitting or kind of reserve releases in FY '22 to '24 is still pretty
minimal. So is it kind of fair to assume that, okay, the Q4 should see some motor TP reserve releases?
Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. So Avinash, I think I'll go it on the reverse way. So motor third party, I think, obviously, yes, I think
as an industry, we all have been kind of waiting for the price announcement. So we'll wait and see by the
time we announce results for the next quarter, hopefully, we will see where we land. So we will keep all of
you updated on that. On the second piece on what is it that we can expect for the next year? I think this
is something that we had spoken even as in last quarter as in to say that I think given the strong growth
momentum that we see kind of getting rebound back to us, what we have always maintained is at a top
line or from a growth standpoint, we have tried to see if we can be 100 to 200 basis points at a company
level better than the industry growth numbers.

This is cutting across all lines, and that is exactly what possibly you would have seen getting exhibited
in quarter 3 for us in terms of where we -- our growth were vis-a-vis the industry growth. And even
more specifically, if you would have seen even for the month of December, I think we have had an
outperformance vis-a-vis the overall industry numbers. So therefore, that's something that we would
endeavor even as we head into given the strong growth momentum that one is seeing on ground. And
hence, to that extent, that is what we would kind of pencil in, in terms of trying to continue to gain
incremental market share.

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                 14
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026


On combined, more important than the combined, I think what we have largely spoken is to try and see
if we can continue to sustain delivering ROEs in that range of 18% to 20%, even if you would have seen
the numbers for the 9 months, it's been roughly around 19% thereabout. So hence, to that extent, in that
range of 18% to 20%. So that's something that is what we would look forward again when you look at
how we would want to play out even for the next year from an ROE standpoint.

To your first point, I think it is a high single-digit number in terms of the proportion of long-term
premiums vis-a-vis the total premium that we underwrite. But I think the only thing that we would keep
urging is, I think even as I was reading the transcript, I did realize there are so many numbers on an n
and on a 1/n basis across various parameters. So hence, to that extent, if you ask us, ideally on a -- this
will actually kind of continue for even maybe for the next 3 quarters because while quarter 3 of this year
onwards, now everything is on a 1/n, but still there will always be a factor of the first question that was
being asked in terms of what is the impact of accrued of last year in this quarter and so on and so forth.
So hence, to that extent, a far better reflection is to keep looking at numbers on an n basis. And there, if
you would have seen our combined for quarter 3 has actually been better. I think if you look at quarter 3
of last year, our combined was roughly about 102.3%. And this number on an n basis for quarter 3 of the
current year is...
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
So Gopal, there, I just want to interject and make this point. And we had said that also when Mayank
came in, as a company, we don't want to confuse at any point of time, economic value to accounting. We
are very clear. So we have -- in all our conversations with the team and key personnels who are involved,
we only discuss on n basis because that is the true value which will get embedded in the company. What
comes because of the accounting part is just an outcome for us, and that is the real value that we can
add. Even our budget for that matter, which we have to share, are all taken on n basis because that's how
portfolio can be picked up in the right manner and even cash flows can get generated. Otherwise, the
tendency to make it shorter and shorter would erode value over long term.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Nidhesh from Investec.
Nidhesh Jain
Investec Bank plc, Research Division
Sir, can you share the share of new in the motor segment? What is the new one and what is old vehicles?
I'm trying to understand whether the market share trends are more -- the market share trends, how
they are shaping up in both these segments? Are we -- have we lost market share in the new side that is
reflecting into lower growth or it's in both segments, our market share trends are broadly similar?
Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer
So Nidhesh, just for the benefit of all of you, I'll give you 2 numbers. One is in terms of mix for quarter
3, new is roughly about 35%, renewal is about 65%. And if you see these numbers for 9 months, new is
about 33% and renewal book is about 67%. So in that sense, relatively for quarter 3, the mix is about
35% and 65%. But more important than the mix, if you ask us, I think the point that we have been
talking about, given the underlying growth momentum playing out with respect to new vehicle sales, they
are again in the same order as I will give you Q3 numbers first.

Our new growth has been 12.4% and our old growth has been 7.7%, translating to an overall growth in
quarter 3 in motor for us kind of about 9.3%. These same numbers, if you look at it on a 9-month basis,
the new growth was -- has been 2.5%. The renewal growth has been 6.2%, translating to an overall
growth of 5%. So this is exactly the point that we have been talking about. I think what we are seeing is
clearly an underlying strong growth momentum coming in with respect to new vehicle sales. Having said
that, that does not mean that for us, renewals/retentions are not important. I think that's equally very,
very important. But what we have been able to leverage is a combination of both the underlying growth
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                            15
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026


momentum with respect to new vehicle sales and then, of course, the continued focus on improving
retention as well.
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
Yes, absolutely. And the fact that the 9-month average is -- when we talk about new is 2.5% and old is
6.2%, while for the Q3, the number goes the other way where the new one is -- the growth has been led
by new. And as in the past, Gopal has been briefing you all, new has its own set of expenses that comes,
but a better loss ratio. And that consequent to that, it will have its impact, but will have a long-term value
creation for us as a company. In the past, for the quarters that we've done, always it was driven by old
growth. If you go back to our scripts that we have said, we have said our growth is driven by old. So that's
a big transition. It's a big plus overall for us. And we have been able to obviously garner more new in the
market, which has helped us to get this kind of a growth.
Nidhesh Jain
Investec Bank plc, Research Division
Sure. Secondly, if you can share the loss ratio in health segment-wise?
Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer
I was just waiting for somebody would ask for it. But anyway, so on group health, I'll first give the quarter
3 numbers and then the 9-month numbers. First, I'll give you the Q3 and 9-month numbers for last year.
Group health last year was about 97.2% and this number for 9 months of last year was 97.7%. The
same group health numbers for quarter 3 this year was 90.7% and 9-month numbers is 93.2%. For retail
indemnity, that's an other number that generally gets asked for. This, again, quarter 3 last year, retail
indemnity loss ratio was 65%. This number 9 months was 69.1%. For the current year quarter 3, retail
indemnity loss ratios are 63.1%, 9-month loss ratio numbers of 67.3%.

So again, if you look at what we have been telling the market is on corporate health or group health,
generally, we have maintained that we are quite comfortable running at the book with a mid-90s. That's
being -- that's the threshold that we have spoken about on the corporate health, and that's exactly how it
has played out on a 9-month basis. And even retail health I think the range that we have generally spoken
to the market is to see if we are able to run the book at a range between 65% to 70%. I think what we
are quite excited with is the way how the growth in the book has played out and the fact that we have
kind of largely seen maybe a couple of renewal cycles play through on the new product that we kind of
launched last year. I think the good news is I think the experience that you are seeing on ground, I think
is kind of pretty much holding on to the assumptions that we had kind of penciled in when we kind of
launched this. So those are the 2 numbers that I would kind of give away to all of you.
Nidhesh Jain
Investec Bank plc, Research Division
Sure, sir. And lastly, sir, on the health side, we are showing very strong growth. But from a longer-term
perspective, how should we -- how do we plan to manage the issue of old lives getting subsidized by the
new lives and that lead to loss ratio deteriorating over a long period of time. Currently, we are still a young
company on the health side. But as the growth matures, let's say, 5 years down the line, how -- what is
the strategy to manage the overall loss ratio?
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
So 2, 3 data points. One is that the penetration of retail health in the country overall is 5%, okay? Most
of us end up looking at group health as a fungible thing for a retail cover that awareness is building up.
And there's a long play available and it is also linked to the purchasing power if we believe that the GDP
growth, the purchasing power, the income tax curve, the GST all are living this. There's a significant road
available there. The growth of new to the insurance or new to protection will keep seeing a significant

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                             16
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026


traction. And also as loss ratio picks up, which is very real and you are absolutely spot on. But at the same
time, the expense and the commission of acquisition also goes down.

So there is a counter play that comes in. And the aging book in terms of how it evolves and develops
better medical solutioning, all of that what comes into play. We can talk about that when we meet again,
but there is a play available, and that's why we see a future as we go about it. And there is -- of course
-- and just to add to it, there is a good preventive play that will also become a critical factor for each one
of us in our life. So if there was a -- and as a company, we would be very actively involved. There's so
much more available and through I'll take care, which has got good traction. In real terms, we do believe
that we will play a significant role. Right now, it's all selling the policy and admission is how we interact,
but that also is progressively changing. There is a good highway available. And it's not that sitting in our
room, we don't play out and simulate as to how this portfolio will behave 2 years, 3 years, 5 years down
the line. These are part of actual actuarial modeling, and we are well aware of it.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Swarnab Mukherjee from B&K Securities.
Swarnabha Mukherjee
Batlivala & Karani Securities India Pvt. Ltd., Research Division
A couple of questions from my side. First, on the commission, our commission number that has increased
sequentially quite substantially because I just wanted to understand that whether this is primarily due to
our retail products increasing in the mix or whether you are seeing even in commercial lines where you
source through maybe agents or brokers that there has been an increase in commission. So some color
on what you are seeing on the ground? And just because it's also fairly topical that we are hearing about
some regulatory scrutiny on this side. So how do you see the regulatory landscape playing out? So that is
the first one.

And secondly, on the group employer employee, I mean, so as you said that the loss ratio numbers look
fairly encouraging. So just wanted to understand that this loss ratio outcome, is this more a pricing-led
outcome? Or is this that the claims environment has become benign, which is why we are seeing this? And
our growth, is this like also a function of the base effect because last year, I think we were not growing
this business. So is that playing out? Or have you become fairly more constructive on this business than
you were earlier? These will be my 2 questions.
Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer
Okay. Too many things into 2 questions. So you got these 2 questions [indiscernible]. We will obviously try
and address all of them. So on the first one, Swarnab, I think, again, this is something that we always call
out. And this is what even Sanjeev just at the end responded to one of the questions. See, our business
has to be fundamentally looked at in the context of loss experience and cost of acquisition. So therefore,
to that extent, there are always nuances that play out in terms of what mix of business that you write.
Relatively, I think the earlier question that was asked in terms of the mix between new and renewal
in terms of motor. And when I kind of gave out the data points, clearly, you would have seen that the
proportion of new was much higher, particularly when you looked at the quarter 3 numbers vis-a-vis what
we had seen for the whole of 9 months.

And new inherently kind of comes with a high cost of acquisition. And hence, to that extent, obviously, and
more importantly, if you would have seen, generally, quarter 3 is typically a period of seasons and more
so on retail. So hence, any quarter 3 you go back, you'll always find the cost of acquisition to be relatively
higher than, let's say, what you would have seen for other quarters. So there's obviously an element of
seasonality that plays out when you look at the commission numbers on an isolated basis. But what we
would keep saying is to keep looking at it more on ideally the overall combined ratio, which for us actually
has dropped when you look at the H1 numbers relative to the industry adverse that has happened. But --
and the second number that we keep talking about is more on the overall expenses of management.


Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              17
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026


So even after considering the impact of the wage code that I spoke about of roughly about INR 55 crores,
as at 9 months, I think we are kind of pretty much there insofar as the limits that are laid down by the
regulatory guidelines. So hence, to that extent, that's the way we would kind of look at -- I think we are
very, very conscious of what we kind of source and very, very conscious of what loss experience and the
cost of acquisition that comes as a part of it.

To the second point on the regulatory evolution on this, I think, honestly, we all have to kind of wait and
see how it plays out. I think the good news is, I think from a regulatory standpoint, the regulator has been
kind of instituting the right set of guidelines for the industry. I think a couple of years back, when they
kind of introduced this overall threshold on expense of management, that was a step in the very right
direction of making sure that all companies, all costs put together are well within that threshold of 30%.
And if you look at basis public disclosures, roughly, there are still maybe almost 21 out of 34 players are
maybe possibly met the norms. There are still a lot of list of companies which are still in exceedance on
the expense of management.

So honestly, I think what we would want to see from a market standpoint is to make sure that every
player in the market stays within the limit on expense of management. And then honestly, we will wait for
any subsequent changes that comes from regulatory changes. But we will be equally kind of committed
to whatever the guidelines that the regulator lays down. So that's in response to the first point on both
commission increase and what could happen in terms of regulatory change.

To your second point on the GHI, yes, it's a combination of both. I think, again, this is something that we
have articulated not only in the context of GHI. In general, I think what we have stayed focused on every
line is to see how we can remain profitable. And the very fact that the loss numbers that I gave out is a
testimony to the fact that we have been very, very careful and selective in terms of what risk do we want
to underwrite. Equally, it's obviously a combination of both the points that you made. It's a combination
of, let's say, a better price in terms of what we are comfortable underwriting.

And two, we have our own in-house claims management team. I think they do a brilliant job in terms of
making sure that once the group health account is underwritten, how is it that we can play a very, very
important role in managing the overall loss experience and at the same time, giving delight in so far as
customer experience is concerned, which is again reflective of the NPS scores that we have kind of called
out, whether it is motor or whether it is health. So that's how the growth has been reflected. And again,
we will continue to see that play out even as we head into quarter 4 or even for the matter of fact, the
next financial year.
Swarnabha Mukherjee
Batlivala & Karani Securities India Pvt. Ltd., Research Division
Right, sir. Understood. just on the first question, I wanted to also check on the commercial line side. So
is there any kind of like for where you have intermediate so the deal has been a commission inflation?
Anything [indiscernible].
Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer
Honestly, commercial lines in general, I think, has been -- if you remember, I think what we have
[indiscernible] commercial lines, we have generally -- we have our own relationship team, which acts as
a direct interface insofar as working with corporates are concerned. And hence, to that extent, obviously,
relatively, that cost of sourcing tends to be very, very low. But at the same time, what we also write as
a part of the commercial lines is some of the SME risk, which is -- which tends to be relatively widely
distributed. And then there will be an element of cost of distribution. But overall, the point that I made,
when you look at the loss experience plus the cost of acquisition put together, on the commercial lines
book, that's a very, very profitable book for us. And that's the way how we look at it, again, rather than
looking at one element of the business that we source.
Operator
We will take the last question from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak.
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              18
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026


Nischint Chawathe
Kotak Securities (Institutional Equities)
You have a very impressive growth in retail health, and we can see an improvement in retail loss ratios
as well. But as we understand, typically, the loss ratios in retail products are significantly lower in the first
2, 3 years and then they kind of move up from there on. So I would have kind of said that this delta is
because of the portfolio mix. Is it something that the new policies that are originated are ported or they
are originated under different covenants? Or is the -- as a cohort level profitability stable or improving or
deteriorating, if you could give some color on that?
Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer
So Nischint, again, I think I'll kind of maintain the same response that I gave to the earlier question,
which is I think the loss ratio range on retail health as a company that we are comfortable running at
is between 65% to 70%. So that's a number that we will keep looking for in terms of how we are able
to stay within that. To a large part of -- in terms of sourcing, I think, honestly, what we want to do is in
line with, let's say, some of the discussions that even the government has been doing to kind of increase
health care or increase health care penetration consequent to some of the reforms that they have done is
to kind of improve penetration at large.

So hence, I think where we are kind of largely expanding our distribution reach, which is what we put
out also as a part of the opening transcript to say that even on health, we do -- we are seeing, let's say,
an increase in Tier 2, Tier 3 cities kind of contributing. And these are, as we said, new to insurance. So
hence, to that extent, I think so far as we are concerned, we would want to kind of continue to expand by
acquiring a lot many more new to insurance customers.

And two and more importantly, the earlier point that I said in terms of our ability to continue to retain our
own customers is something that we are very much focused on. So it will be a combination of those 2 is
what will continue to drive growth in the retail health book.
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
And Nischint, just to add to what Gopal is saying, see, we've also transformed our own journey, right?
And we are a multiline, multiproduct company. For us, whether the customer comes from the route of
motor or from health, we are seeing it from a comprehensive one-stop solution. We were underbought in
our offering for a number of years as far as retail health is concerned. And we know that going in as we
move along, while we all know that the loss ratios move upward as we age, and that's the truth, which I
don't see would change. But at the same time, we also know if we are comprehensively dealing with this
customer, the motor loss ratio also goes down. I mean, just to share with you. So it's a very clear mix,
and we are very well placed as a multiproduct, multi-line company.

So what we are seeing is getting a good customer on board and then working with them on a lifetime
profitability. So the math is what plays out vis-a-vis what you see because at times, you will see only
health, at times you will see only motor. But what we look at it is in a far more comprehensive offering.
And with a 2.9% market share, which was just probably 18 months back for us to be at 4%, 4.5%, where
we stand as we exit quarter 3, it is just helping us to build a very well-rounded practice.

I'm not saying it was not well grounded, but health in particular, was always in our space, which was
driven by GHI and underbought on this part. We see this as a toggling part, and we see it as a very
significant play in our scheme of things. That's why we've got invested and we stay positive. And in our
business, it's always possible that 1 or 2 lines will have a problem and COVID happened, health was all
over the place, but motor kind of saved the day for us. So that's the way the portfolio gets balanced, and
that's where we end up talking about what is it that we can generate as an ROE. Yes.
Nischint Chawathe
Kotak Securities (Institutional Equities)

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                19
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026


Got it. That's very comprehensive. Just squeezing in a last one. I'm not sure if you mentioned this, but in
case of health, there is the input tax credit loss because of GST exemption. So how are you dealing with
that? Are you sharing it with the distributors? Or are you absorbing it? Is that one of the drivers for higher
expense ratios?
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
So clearly, yes, we will have to realign our cost structure, and this is what we have done. The benefit in
totality of GST rationalization has got passed on to the customers. And we had the benefit of -- as the
volume grows for us, in every line of business, motor or health, economies of scale will kick in. We have
a large health practice as a company, which is in combined from the employer employee as well as retail
health. So definitely, we'll do what is it required to rationalize it and serve the customer appropriately, yes.
Nischint Chawathe
Kotak Securities (Institutional Equities)
Are you sharing it with the distributor or... I mean is it something that...
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
Yes, of course, we have -- the industry has shared. It's not only about us. All of us on the general
insurance and the retail health have -- and then the increased volume is not impacting the income of the
distributor per se. So there is already a counterplay which is visible which can be seen in terms of the
growth. So it's not that it's one channel which is getting impacted. Comprehensively, we are all able to
do better business. So yes, it's got passed on. We have also rationalized our cost structure because both
part is required and today's technology and the -- so much which is going on, which we have not spoken,
but we can talk about it when we sit 1 to 1 is helping us also to reduce cost per transaction. I don't know
when you see the script, which I spoke about as to how we've been able to use bots to get our digital part
of serving DIY serving significantly up vis-a-vis the operator handling it, which is driven by a lot more
inconsistency and time consumption, which can happen. So there is so much that is happening. So the
cost part will go down. So we will be able to manage it on this front very easily.
Nischint Chawathe
Kotak Securities (Institutional Equities)
That is very reassuring.
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
Thank you so much for joining. Thank you, and have a great 2026. Thank you so much.
Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, that concludes this
conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.
Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer
Thank you.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              20
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ3 2026 EARNINGS CALL | JAN 13,
2026


Copyright © 2026 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                     21
