ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited NSEI:ICICIGI
FQ4 2026 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, April 15, 2026 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates
                                    -FQ4 2026-                         -FQ1 2027-                        -FY 2026-                -FY 2027-

                   CONSENSUS           ACTUAL          SURPRISE        CONSENSUS         CONSENSUS        ACTUAL     SURPRISE     CONSENSUS

    EPS
                      10.96             10.89            (0.64 %)          13.14            57.13          55.24      (3.31 %)      65.09
 Normalized

   Revenue
                    71300.00          66187.60           (7.17 %)             -          257189.29       258949.40      0.68      288706.78
    (mm)
Currency: INR
Consensus as of Apr-13-2026 9:46 AM GMT




                                                                                   - EPS NORMALIZED -

                                                       CONSENSUS                               ACTUAL                 SURPRISE

           FQ1 2026                                           12.22                              14.92                 22.09 %

           FQ2 2026                                           16.55                              16.35                 (1.21 %)

           FQ3 2026                                           15.09                              13.14                (12.92 %)

           FQ4 2026                                           10.96                              10.89                 (0.64 %)




COPYRIGHT © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved                                  1
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
Contents




Table of Contents

Call Participants                                     ..................................................................................   3
Presentation                                          ..................................................................................   4
Question and Answer                                   ..................................................................................   9




COPYRIGHT © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved                                         2
spglobal.com/marketintelligence
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 15,
2026




Call Participants
EXECUTIVES

Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer

Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director

ANALYSTS

Avinash Singh
Emkay Global Financial Services
Ltd., Research Division

Nidhesh Jain
Investec Bank plc, Research
Division

Nischint Chawathe
Kotak Securities (Institutional
Equities)

Prayesh Jain
Motilal Oswal Securities Limited,
Research Division

Sanketh Godha
Spark Institutional Equities Private
Limited, Research Division

Supratim Datta
Jefferies LLC, Research Division




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                       3
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 15,
2026



Presentation
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and a very warm welcome to the ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited's Q4 and FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call. From the senior management, we have
with us today, Mr. Sanjeev Mantri, MD and CEO of the company; Mr. Gopal Balachandran, CFO; Mr. Anand
Singhi, Chief Retail and Government; Mr. Girish Nayak, Chief Enterprise, AI and Technology; Mr. Sandeep
Goradia, Chief Corporate Solutions, International and Bancassurance; Mr. Gaurav Arora, Chief Commercial
Lines and Motor, Underwriting and Claims, and Mr. Girish Sehgal, Chief Health UW and Claims, Customer
Service and Operations.

Please note that any statements or comments made in today's call that may look like forward-looking
statements are based on information presently available to the management and do not constitute an
indication of any future performance. As the future involves risks and uncertainties, which could cause
results to differ materially from current views being expressed. [Operator Instructions] Please note that
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Mantri, MD and CEO,
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir.
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
Thank you. Good evening to each one of you. Thank you for joining the earnings conference call of
ICICI Lombard for quarter 4 and financial year 2026. I would like to commence with an overview of the
economic and industry trends, which have shaped the operating environment over the past few months,
coupled with insights on our Company's performance and our key initiatives. Following that, our CFO,
Gopal Balachandran, will take you through the Company's financial performance for quarter 4 and financial
year 2026.

The quarter gone by has been an eventful one. For the first 2 months, the Indian Economy exhibited
continued momentum of growth from the previous quarter, whereas the month of March 2026 has seen
-- has been unprecedented in terms of the geopolitical challenges. The ongoing conflict in West Asia
has heightened global economic uncertainty, leading to volatility in energy prices and financial markets.
These external risks could have some spillover effects on the Indian Economy, warranting a measured and
watchful approach.

That being said, India's Macroeconomic Fundamentals today are considerably strong and more resilient
than in previous periods of global stress. This provides a degree of comfort in our ability to absorb external
shocks, although we remain mindful of evolving global conditions. Let me now dwell upon the ensuing
Quarter and the Year gone by.

Retail sales for private cars, two-wheelers, and tractors remained positive for the year. In accordance with
the data reported by Vahan for financial year 2026, sales growth of private cars and two-wheelers stood
at healthy 11.9% and 13.2%, respectively. Pertinently, for H2 2026, the sales growth of private car and
two-wheelers stood at 17.8% and 21.5%, as against 4.6% and 3.2%, respectively, in H1 2026, led by GST
rationalization. This continued momentum is also seen in quarter 4, 2026, wherein the growth of private
car and two-wheeler stood at a healthy 16.3% and 24.7%, respectively. Also noteworthy was the fact that
two-wheeler sales suppressed -- surpassed their pre-COVID peak and were at a decadal high.

Even the sales of commercial vehicle, this is the data reported by Vahan have witnessed a growth of
20.2% in H2 2026 versus 4.9% for H1 2026, and a full-year growth of 12.9%. Given the early trends
of numbers reported by certain banks, credit growth is expected to be in double-digit for quarter 4,
2026, with broad-based expansion across segments. Also, vehicle financing continued to be an important
contributor to credit growth, broadly in line with the trends observed in retail automobile sales.

We believe that the above factors augment well for the industry in time to come. Moving to the regulatory
update; you may be aware that IRDAI has mandated insurers to prepare and present their financial
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                             4
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 15,
2026


statements in accordance with the applicable Ind AS, effective 1st April 2026. We view this as a positive
step, as the enhanced disclosure requirements under Ind AS framework will meaningfully improve
transparency and align the reporting standards of Indian insurers with global practices.

While the Regulator requires insurers to provide the reporting as per both Ind AS and Indian GAAP for
2027 and 2028, it has provided the insurer the option of seeking forbearance to transitioning the statutory
accounting to Ind AS for the first year. We have examined the option provided by the Authority and believe
it would be appropriate to seek the forbearance in order to ensure that the transition is executed in a
calibrated and operationally robust manner. Another important initiative announced by the Authority is the
Public Insurance Registry, which is expected to become a key pillar of India's Digital Public Infrastructure.
As the framework evolves, PIR has the potential to support industry growth by improving penetration,
driving efficiencies, elevating customer service, and also enabling better risk selection across ecosystem.
We believe that over time, it will also enhance transparency, strengthen trust, and create enduring
benefit for the policyholder, insurer, and the broader financial system. Let me now dwell upon the industry
performance for the year ended March 31, 2026. The general insurance industry reported a GDPI growth
of 9.2% for 2026; excluding Crop and Mass Health segment, the gross GDPI growth stood at 13.3% for
2026. Speaking of the specific segments within the industry, the Commercial segment reported a growth
of 12.2% for 2026.

However, if one was to break down this growth into H1 and H2, the growth was 14.2% and 9.6%,
respectively. As one observed, the business witnessed elevated level of competitive intensity and pricing
pressure, especially in the Fire segment in the second half of the year, leading to muted growth. The
renewal of April 1, 2026, also are being reported at a discount to the previous year, reflecting that this
trend is likely to continue for quarter 1, 2027 as well.

On the positive side, however, we also would like to mention that the Reinsurance renewals for financial
year 2027 have been soft. The Motor segment growth for the industry stood at 9.2% for financial
year 2026. With the momentum experienced post-GST rationalization, the second half of the year has
witnessed improved growth levels of 10.5% vis-a-vis the first half, which stood at 7.6%. The Health
segment, including Mass Health, grew by 15.4% for 2026, which makes it the fastest-growing segment
for last 5 years from financial year 2022 to 2026. Within this, the Group Health line of business grew at
12.8% for 2026, whereas the Retail Health growth stood at 19.9% for 2026.

Speaking on the underwriting performance of the industry. Overall, the Combined Ratio of the industry
deteriorated from 113.2% in 9 months financial year 2025 to 119.3% in 9 months 2026. The overall
Combined Ratio for Private Players remained relatively flattish from 111.2% for the period 9 months 2025
to 111.5% for the period 9 months 2026. Due to pricing pressure, Combined Ratio for the Motor line of
business continued to remain elevated at 128.1% for 9 months 2026 vis-a-vis 123.8% for the period
ended 9 months 2025.

I will now proceed to present our Company's performance across key business segments for 2026. The
Company reported a growth of 7% in Gross Domestic (sic) [Direct] Premium Income for 2026, compared
to the industry growth of 9.2% for the same period. ICICI Lombard achieved a growth of 18.2% and
15.7% in quarter 4 and H2 2026, respectively, against an industry growth of 10.9% and 11.2% over the
same period. However, excluding the Crop and Mass Health segment, the Company recorded a growth
of 10.2% and for financial year 2026, while the industry grew at 13.3% for the same period. In the
Commercial Lines segment, our growth stood at 5.4% for financial year 2026, as against compared to
industry growth of 12.2% for 2026.

During H1 2026, our growth in Commercial Lines stood at 6.5% versus industry growth of 14.2%.
[indiscernible] for H2 2026, the growth level stood at 3.8% versus industry growth of 9.6%. Amidst
competitive pressure, we continue to drive profitable growth through prudent underwriting and judicious
risk selection through our multichannel distribution. We continue to maintain leadership position in Liability
and Marine Cargo line of business for financial year 2026.

In Motor segment, our growth stood at 7.6% for financial year 2026 as against the industry growth of
9.2% for the same period. In H1 of 2026, we grew at 2.2% in the Motor segment versus the industry
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              5
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 15,
2026


growth, which grew at 7.6%. However, H2 of 2026, we exceeded the growth level of industry by 1.5% in
Motor, that is 12% vis-a-vis the industry growth of 10.5%. This momentum was evident in quarter 4 of
financial year 2026, where we achieved a growth of 15%, while the industry grew by 10%.

Our portfolio mix for private car, two-wheeler and combined -- and Commercial Vehicles stood at 52.8%,
25.4%, and 21.8%, respectively, for financial year 2026. In the Health segment for 2026, we grew by
20% as against the industry growth of 15.4% on a 1/n basis. For quarter 4 2026, the growth stood
at a robust 38.2% as against the industry growth of 20.5%. Our Retail Health business continued to
demonstrate strong growth of 51.1% for 2026, significantly outpacing the industry growth of 19.9% in the
same period.
Consequently, our market share has improved from 3.3% in financial year 2025 to 4.1% in financial
year 2026. For the year, the Company has seen a 2x growth in the new Retail Health Indemnity business
growth compared to the previous year. Our share of Long-term premiums in new business for Retail
Health stands at 42.1% for financial year 2021 (sic)[ 2026 ] up from 28.5% for financial year 2025. This
performance has been driven by ongoing product innovation and sustained investment in strengthening
our real health distribution franchise -- our Retail Health distribution franchise.

For the overall Group Health portfolio, we continue to maintain a disciplined approach with a focus on
managing the book effectively. The Group Health segment recorded a growth of 11% for financial year
2026 over 2025, with our market share being 8.7% for financial year 2026. We have kept a focus on
augmenting cash flows through underlying Long-term business in various lines of business. Our advanced
premium in Motor insurance has increased by over 15% in financial year 2026 vis-a-vis financial year
2025.

Our market share in advanced premium, excluding Motor share stands at 12.5% for financial year 2026,
up from 9.6% for financial year 2025. Our disciplined focus on profitable growth has helped us deliver
consistent outcomes over time. While market fluctuations may impact performance in individual quarters,
our track record reflects our ability to navigate cycles and deliver value over the long-term. If we analyze
the 10-year time horizon from financial year 2016 to 2025, it is pertinent to note that the Company's
average Combined Ratio stood at 102.9%, reflecting sustained underwriting discipline across various
market conditions, which would compare favorably with the industry average of 115.3% over the same
period.

Furthermore, our investment performance has also remained strong. Over the same 10-year horizon, we
delivered a robust average realized yield of 8.7%, supported by prudent asset allocation and effective
capital management over multiple cycles. This, in turn, has translated into a healthy average Return on
Equity of 19.1% over the 10-year period, which would compare favorably against the industry average
ROE of 4%, reinforcing the strength and resilience of our overall business model and consistency of our
execution.

Our One IL One Team philosophy continues to foster collaboration and operational excellence, enabling a
unified approach across the organization. As a part of this philosophy, I will now apprise you of certain key
initiatives. First, I would like to highlight a strategic capability we have built in-house, one that materially
strengthens our execution engine, we call it IL OneForce. IL OneForce is an enterprise productivity
platform, which has been in operation for over a year and is used by over 10,000 sales employees.

It is on track to become the Single Operating Platform for all our 15,000 employees across the
organization. IL OneForce integrates work execution, performance management, collaboration, and
recognition into a single platform, simplifying operations, reinforcing execution, discipline and driving
accountability with real-time, enterprise-wide visibility. The platform enables structured partner
engagement, task management, and real-time performance analytics across the partner life cycle. Its
Renewal Capability has improved conversion by 5%, while enhanced engagement has doubled partner
participation and expanded market reach.

Notably, in Health Indemnity, improved engagement led to a 2x increase in agent activation and a
doubling of new retail business. Our IL TakeCare app, a one-stop solution for insurance and wellness
needs, achieved 21 million downloads as of 31st March 2026, reflecting the growing customer engagement
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                6
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 15,
2026


and digital adoption. The GWP earned from the IL TakeCare app during the period 2026 was INR 5,170
million, vis-a-vis the corresponding premium earning for 2025, which stood at INR 2237.2 million.

From a claim intimation perspective, 67% of the customers now intimate their health reimbursement
claims through the app, while 82% of the claim intimations of our travel product, Trip Secure Plus, went
through IL TakeCare app. We'll continue to focus on improving the service experience of our customers
with a single, simplified interface for their insurance requirements. We continue to improve our efficiency
level in Motor claims, too. Our preferred partner network serviced 75.5% of our non-OEM claims for
quarter 4 2026, respectively, up from 74.1% for quarter 4 2025. For 9 months, we recorded an NPS of 69
for motor claims. In the retail segment, 98.8% of our total claims were paid within 30 days for financial
year 2026.
For the 9 months 2026, on an account basis, the number stood at 99.9% with the corresponding number
from the industry being at 82.1%. For 9 months 2026, we recorded an NPS of 73 for health claims,
demonstrating strong satisfaction levels and reinforcing our position as a customer-centric organization.
ILIF has further strengthened our on-ground claims support for our health customers and our customer
coverage improving by 25% over the previous year. As a part of their feedback, 95% of our customer
survey rated their experience as Exemplary, highlighting the support provided during claims processing,
and assistance with hospital coordination.

This reaffirms our focus on best-in-class service to our customers during the Moment that Truly
Matters. The One IL One Call Center initiative continues to deliver strong momentum in the company's
transition towards a digital-first, do-it-yourself service model. In March 2026, more than 5 lakh service
engagements, 69% of the total service engagements were executed digitally. Our differentiated service
initiatives, which we have spoken about in previous earnings calls, have resulted in increase of our call
center NPS to 74 in quarter 4 2026 from 60 in quarter 1, 2026.

Before I close, the current year marks an important milestone in the journey of ICICI Lombard as we enter
into our 25th Year of Operations. We would like to take this opportunity to express our heartfelt gratitude
to all our stakeholders who have been -- who have truly supported us in our journey so far, and we look
forward to your continued trust, encouragement, and support in the years ahead. I will now request Gopal
to take you through the financial numbers for quarter 4 and financial year 2026.
Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer
Thanks, Sanjeev, and good evening to each one of you. I will now give you a brief overview of the financial
performance of the recently concluded quarter and the full financial year. We have uploaded the results
presentation on our website; you can access it as we walk you through the performance numbers. With
effect from October 1, 2024, long-term products are accounted on a 1/n basis as mandated by the
regulator, IRDAI.

Please refer to our investor presentation, Slide #16, for the further details on comparison of financials on
an n and 1/n basis. It may be noted that all the numbers that I'll be speaking about are on a 1/n basis,
unless otherwise mentioned. On combined ratio, our combined ratio on an n basis for FY '26 was 102.4%,
as against 102.6% in FY '25. Our combined ratio on a 1/n basis for the current year was 103.4%, as
against 102.8% in FY '25.

Excluding the impact of wage code of INR 0.55 billion, the combined ratio for FY '26 stood at 102.1%
and 103.1% on an n basis and 1/n basis, respectively. Our combined ratio on an n basis for quarter 4
was 100.5% as against 102.1% in quarter 4 of FY '25. Our combined ratio on a 1/n basis for quarter 4
current year was 101.2%, as against 102.5% in quarter 4 of last year. On the investments, our investment
assets during the quarter rose to INR 584.21 billion as of March 31, 2026, up from INR 582.96 billion as of
December 31, 2025. Our Investment Leverage, net of borrowings, was at 3.48x at March 31, 2026, and at
3.6x as of December 31, 2025.

Investment income was at INR 47.42 billion in FY '26, as against INR 42.5 billion in FY '25. On a quarterly
basis, investment income was at INR 9.85 billion in Q4 this year as against INR 8.77 billion in Q4 last

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                             7
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 15,
2026


year. During the quarter under review, the company has recognized -- we have a policy on Impairment
of Investment Assets. Basis that, the company has recognized an impairment on its equity portfolio
investments of INR 0.49 billion in this quarter for FY '26 versus a small write-back that we had of almost
about INR 3 crores that we had in quarter 4 of the last financial year, driven by the prevailing market
correction.

Now coming to profitability. Our Profit Before Tax grew by 10.2% to INR 36.59 billion in FY '26, as against
INR 33.21 billion in FY '25. Excluding the impact of the Wage Code that I referred earlier of INR 0.55
billion, the PBT grew by 11.8% to INR 37.14 billion in FY '26. Our PBT grew by 7.5% to INR 7.18 billion
in Q4 FY '26, as against INR 6.68 billion in Q4 FY '25. On the Profit After Tax, therefore, consequently, on
a 1/n basis, the PAT grew by 10.5% to INR 27.72 billion in FY '26, as against INR 25.08 billion in FY '25.
Again, excluding the impact of the Wage Code, the PAT on a 1/n basis grew by 12.2% to INR 28.14 billion
in FY '26. On an n basis, PAT grew by 14.1% to INR 27.61 billion in FY '26, as against INR 24.19 billion in
FY '25.

On an n basis, excluding the impact of the Wage Code, the PAT grew by 15.9% to INR 28.03 billion in FY
'26. Our PAT on a 1/n basis grew by 7.3% to INR 5.47 billion in Q4 this year, as against INR 5.1 billion in
Q4 last year. Same numbers on n basis, PAT grew by 15.6% to INR 5.39 billion in Q4 FY '26, as against
INR 4.66 billion in Q4 FY '25. Coming to Return on Average Equity. Our ROE was 17.8% in FY '26, as
against 19.1% in FY '25. Excluding the impact of Wage Code of INR 0.55 billion, ROE stood at 18.1% for
FY '26. ROE for quarter 4 current year was at 13.3%, as against 14.5% in Q4 FY '25.

Coming to dividend. The Board of Directors of the company has proposed a final dividend of INR 7 per
share for FY '26. This payment is, however, subject to approval of shareholders in the ensuing Annual
General Meeting of the company. The overall dividend for FY '26, including the above-proposed final
dividend, is INR 13.50 per share. Last year, the overall dividend was INR 12.50 per share. On solvency,
we continue to exhibit a very healthy Solvency Ratio of 2.67x at March 31, 2026, as against 2.69 at
December 31, 2025, which continues to be higher than the minimum regulatory requirement.
The Solvency, of course, was impacted by roughly about 14 basis points as an outcome of the mark-to-
market loss position that we had on the equity book as at March 31, 2026. As I conclude, I would like to
state that we are aligned with our ethos of driving profitable growth, consistent and sustainable value
creation for all our stakeholders, while ensuring that the interest of policyholders are at the forefront at
all times. I would like to thank you all for attending this earnings call, and we will now be happy to take
questions that you may have. Thank you.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                8
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 15,
2026



Question and Answer
Operator
[Operator Instructions] Our question comes from the line of Supratim Datta from Jefferies.
Supratim Datta
Jefferies LLC, Research Division
My first question is on the competitive environment in the industry. There have been articles recently
indicating that competition in the Commercial Lines have been fairly elevated. You indicated that the Motor
Combined Ratio remains elevated. So, if you could give us an idea about how competitive environment in
the different segments is panning out, that would be helpful. And is there any improvement due to now --
the EoM guidelines kicking in? So that's my first question. The second question coming to the Loss Ratio
side. This year, fourth quarter Motor TP Loss Ratio has been significantly lower than what we have seen in
the last [indiscernible] in the fourth quarter Motor TP Loss Ratio. So just wanted to understand what has
played out for this significant improvement versus the run rate that we have seen previously? And why is
the [ Motor TP ] Loss Ratio negative, if you could give some color on that? Lastly, on IFRS, Gopal, would
it be possible for you to give us some understanding or clarity regarding how your PAT under IFRS would
look versus the IGAAP PAT? That would be very helpful.
Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer
I'll take the second one first. Maybe I can take the second and the third, and then maybe I can -- maybe
Sanjeev can respond to the first one. I think on the Loss Ratio, Supratim, I think this obviously comes to
us every quarter. And I think our response still remain the same, as in to say that, one, we have to keep
looking at Motor as a category as compared to one looking at separately Motor Own Damage and Third
Party, that's one.

Second, we would continue to again request all of you to keep looking at numbers more on a full-year
basis as compared to, let's say, any given quarter. And just to kind of refresh what we have been telling
the Street is, the range that we are comfortable on Motor is between 65% to 67%, that is the range that
we have maintained. And if you would have seen for the full year, current year, we ended at roughly about
66.3%. It's well within that range. And hence, to that extent, that's the range that we would be kind of
tracking pretty closely.

So in that sense, there is nothing that has changed. If you ask us, has any of our reserving philosophy
undergone a change, the short answer is no, and we continue to kind of maintain prudence in terms of
maintaining our Loss Reserves. Hence, we have to keep looking at numbers more on a full-year basis
as compared to any given quarters. So that's one. Crop, again, time and again, we have talked about
it because generally, again, just to kind of refresh, most of the businesses in Crop get booked around
quarter 2 and somewhere around quarter 3 and maybe early quarter 4.

So, those are typically the two seasons that largely get exhibited. In our case, we had predominantly a
large exposure on Crop largely from one state, of which a large part of our premium was something that
had got kind of booked roughly around quarter 2 of the year. And, as we have said, it obviously takes
time for the season to play out in terms of actual loss experiences. And in any quarter, when you see that
experience play out, then to that extent, obviously -- and if you recollect, even at the time of booking the
policies, we obviously follow a very, very conservative approach of providing for almost 100% Loss Ratio
at the time of writing the risk.

As actual experiences play out, obviously, to that extent, in case if we see some kind of a positive change,
then to that extent, that gets reflected again in the given quarter. And hence, to that extent is why
possibly you are seeing that number in line with the Loss Ratio outcomes for quarter 4. Here, again, I
would continue to urge that you should again look at the numbers more on a full-year basis. On a full-year
basis, it's pretty much kind of range-bound, whether you look at FY '25 or whether you look at FY '26.
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                9
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 15,
2026


On Ind AS, in line with what we had also kind of put out as a part of the opening transcript, at this point
of time, given the state at which -- so one, if you ask us, is -- now there is a definitive date in so far as
transitioning to Ind AS is concerned. So hence, that's a very, very welcome step insofar as the overall
industry is concerned, that's what rightfully for the regulator has done it. In terms of our own transition, I
think we do have -- we have been working on a plan of action in terms of getting our processes internally
up and ready so that we are able to kind of start reporting numbers to all of you whenever we are kind of
ready for it.

At this point of time, I think we will continue to kind of give in line with what we have done even in the
past. We have been submitting pro forma numbers for the last 2 years. So, we will continue even for '26,
'27 on a quarterly basis; in line with the requirements, we will continue to submit Ind AS-based results to
the regulator. And maybe we will come back to all of you at an appropriate time, and then we will possibly
start talking about more specifics in terms of the impact that it does on both the Combined Ratios and
maybe the Return on Equity objectives because those are the 2 things that the market obviously kind of
wants to hear from us So, we will come back on that. And maybe on the first point...
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
Just to close on the IFRS part, we have always said in the past also that the year of adoption, there would
be a significant decline in Combined Ratio. It can be in the range of 300 basis to maybe 400, 450 basis
points. But look, that's only the accounting part of it. The economic value over a period of time, it is
expected to converge and have the same value creation for the company as it happens. So our stand
pretty much remains same.

And yes, from next quarter 1, we would end up doing our submission on that count. With respect to
Supratim, the competitive pressure that is there, and we spoke about that also when we were giving the
overall briefing for the year that has gone by, yes, it has intensified on Commercial Line of Business. At the
same time, the capacity overall on the reinsurance side was very high available, and we've been able to
see, to some extent, getting negated. Will this continue? My own belief is market forces will play out. But
our own understanding is when we see intensive competition, the selection has to get sharper because it's
-- we compete in the market? Answer is yes. But what we've been able to write and what we will write, we
will be creating differentiation.

If you remember last year, even in over quarters, we had said that there was a marginal loss of market
share for us on the Fire side, purely was on account of the fact that we will do what is comfortable and
the output is in some ways here to see. These are all very exposure-driven products, and you have to be
cautious of what you pick and what you don't, and we continue to follow that. There is no overarching
worry. We are very well-placed as an institution in terms of what practices we have to counter any such
measures that come up in the market.

And overall, insurance, General Insurance, in particular, have seen this kind of conduct at multiple levels,
and we are well placed about it. On Motor also in a similar vein, yes, the industry is being stressed at
multiple counts. The Combined Ratio, which I just spoke about for the 9 months stays at 128%, clearly
not a workable one. We continue to pick and choose and deliver a result which is differentiated from the
market. It's probably led by on multiple count distribution and underwriting practices, which differentiates
in Own Damage as well as Third Party briefly Gopal spoke about.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal.
Prayesh Jain
Motilal Oswal Securities Limited, Research Division
A few questions from my side. Firstly, I just wanted to take a view on your Solvency, which is like very
high at 2.7x. How do you think that you will -- whether you -- because you've been generating good
profits over the past few years and in fact, from FY '22 to FY '25 and even now the Solvency has been
increasing. So, how do you see whether you can utilize the Solvency better in terms of paying out
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                             10
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 15,
2026


dividends or in any other form to kind of -- because unless the growth is really exceptional, I'm sure that
we wouldn't need that kind of excess solvency on the balance sheet. That's question number one.

Second, Sanjeev, you've been talking about Motor TP price hike and we've discussed this in the last call,
last few calls as well, but given the trajectory on the Motor TP Loss Ratios at about 63.2% in FY '25 and
63.8% this year for you, do you think that Motor TP price hike can come in? And my last question is on the
health insurance front. Gopal, if you could split up the loss ratios for Retail and Group.
Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer
Yes. So, yes. So Prayesh, so the first one, I think as a company, what we have always maintained is
sufficient margins when it comes to Solvency because the Indian market is still on Solvency I regulation.
Of course, there is a roadmap to maybe eventually transition to Risk-Based Capital, which, again, as what
the regulator has rightfully done on Ind AS, I'm sure they would possibly try and do a similar thing even
on transition to Risk-Based Capital as well. So, obviously, one will have to wait and see how that plays out.

But till that point of time, I think the Indian market continues to be guided by Solvency I, which, as I said,
still mandates capital ask to be maintained basis the gross exposures that you have as an entity. And
hence, to that extent, we'll have to be mindful of and prudent in terms of the levels of Solvency that we
carry as an institution. Having said that, I think to your point on the last few years, fair observation. But if
you see, last couple of years in specific, we have been relatively lower when it comes to growth.

But that's something that we have already seen a clear positive reversal of trends emerging for us. And
with the momentum that we have kind of seen, in all fairness, one would obviously want to kind of make
sure that we are able to kind of get it extended even as we head into FY '27. And the moment you will
see as what you have seen, let's say, even in the second half of this year, growth coming back. So to
that extent, obviously, one will look at consuming some part of the Solvency that we have. And three,
our Solvency is also guided by obviously a mix of what is it that we want to drive in terms of the growth
objective. And two, at the same time, make sure that we are kind of appropriately kind of rewarding the
investors who have kind of obviously placed faith in us.

And in that context, if you would have seen historically, we do have a Board-governed Dividend
Distribution Policy in place. On an average, I think what we have been able to kind of distribute is roughly
about 25% of our PAT. And this year, again, as what we had kind of put out in our opening transcript,
roughly about INR 13.50 per share for the full year roughly translates to almost about 25% of our
Profit After Tax. Hence, it obviously will be a continued combination of both rewarding the shareholders
appropriately and at the same time, making sure that we are able to use the capital for growth.

And the third part, as I said, we will obviously kind of keep a watch on the transition to Risk-Based Capital.
So that's one. To your point on the breakup for the Health Loss Ratio numbers, I think -- yes, thank you,
this time, the question has come ahead of time. So maybe we'll answer it. So I think Q4 of last year, this
right now, I'll give you the numbers for quarter 4 Employer-Employee Book. The last year Q4, the Loss
Ratio was 98%. And this year, that number is almost the same at 98.1% -- on the Retail Indemnity book,
the Loss Ratio for Q4 last year was 64.8%.
And this year, quarter 4, the Loss Ratio on the Indemnity Book is at 57.6%. Now the same year numbers
on a full-year basis, Employer-Employee Book for last year has been at 97.2%. And this year, full year,
the Employer-Employee Book Loss Ratio stands at about 91.9%. On the Retail Indemnity, full-year, last
year was 67.9%. This year, full year is about 64.6%. So just that was to kind of sum it. Again, on the
Indemnity Book, the range that we have spoken about is between 65% to 70%, and that's what we have
been kind of largely talking through even in the past several quarters.

And broadly, if you see the experience that one has seen, the good part is, one, we have been able
to book -- build a book, which is pretty much to our liking, and it has played out both in terms of the
growth in market share and also staying within the Loss Ratio range. So those are the responses to the 2
questions. Maybe on the Motor Third Party.
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              11
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 15,
2026


MD, CEO & Executive Director
So yes, possibly, it's been almost 5 years now since the industry has got a hike. And the Loss Ratio at the
industry level as far as Motor TP is concerned is at around 85% and thereabouts, which is significantly
elevated where we have been able to -- if you see -- and Gopal briefly spoke about it, we have to also
reconfigure our portfolio to get aligned and drive the efficiency, which we've been able to reflect. It does at
time lead to a loss.

And whenever we end up having discussions whether individually or collectively, there is so much of
questioning as to why has the market share gone down, gone up. That is what it takes to reconfigure.
We've also recalibrated our practice in terms of ground-surveillance and doing what is required to avoid
fraud, which probably we would easily say is among the lowest in the industry. There is no way we can
claim to eliminate it.

So, there are multiple factors that go about it. We remain desirous of the fact that, yes, the TP hike for
the industry is overdue and sooner than later, that should play out. But we can only control what is in our
hand. This one definitely is not. And in line with that, we continue to forge our own understanding and
deliberation to penetrate market in multiple towns and make it work for us as a company. And from an
industry standpoint, sooner than later, we do hope the relief comes through.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark.
Sanketh Godha
Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited, Research Division
My first question is that last year, we kind of lost market share in Commercial Lines. And given the market
is soft, as you highlighted, is it fair to say that we will claw back kind of a market share in the softer
market or we will remain as cautious as we were last time? And in these lines, just wanted to understand,
given the soft market growth outlook, given your second-half growth is 16% and maybe Crop being a new
tendering year, how do you see growth of the 16 percentage to continue for the next year? And any color
if you can give on those lines will be very useful. That's my first question. Maybe I'll ask another one later.
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
So Sanketh, I think last year, I'm saying missing last year, year before the one which I just given the
results in the financial '25, we were -- we didn't lose market share. We had gained by 0.1%. We had a
quarter here where we missed, but overall, we had gained. We are talking about a market share which is
in the range of 13.7%, which was the year before last. This year, we are closed by 0.8, 0.7 basis points,
lower, and it's driven through multiple configuration. When we meet up personally, I'm more than happy to
Sanketh run through that.

These -- I mean that kind of a share that we draw these fluctuations to ensure that we select right can
happen. But the Commercial Practice that we have is very unique in the industry, and it's not driven by
what business we're able to write. It's about how we are able to even manage gains. There's a significant
contribution on Large Corporates to mid and to small. Honestly speaking, from an entity standpoint, we
have done a much more decent job on the Large Corporate side.

And over the last 2 to 3 years, which we have been briefing to you, it's been a more distribution-led
growth, and we've been able to diversify our portfolio in a significant manner. We do believe that we are
-- we have a very significant edge in the overall practice, and we will be able to have reasonable presence
as far as commercial is concerned. I don't want to jump the gun to say where the market share will be,
but we will be a very relevant player and it's not easy to see us losing foothold on that on an overarching
basis.

Crop coming into play, we will -- and yes, the market opens up significantly. We are still awaiting the
details in terms of what contours this market will open as and when those guidelines come in, we will
be able to comment as to what it is. But we've always maintained our stand that Crop will be purely on
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                              12
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 15,
2026


selection basis of what we feel is appropriate rather than a targeted segment where we see [Foreign
Language] that's not the way we look at it.

Do we want to participate? It's a bold yes. Do we want to chase it? The answer is no. We are very well-
placed overall to -- and we are excited actually in terms of the opportunity that will present itself. Our
current Crop numbers, vis-a-vis what was there year before last to this year is virtually halved. And there
is some play available for us to make it count in this year. Sorry, you're saying something, go ahead.
Please go ahead.
Sanketh Godha
Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited, Research Division
No. Sorry, Sanjeev, when I meant April last year, you lost market share in Commercial Lines because you
believe the market was too soft. And if you are assuming it is too soft again, maybe full year, you caught it
up, but given April is very strong in the renewal for Fire, whether it will have any implication in 1Q growth
or April growth, which is significantly very big. Lastly on Crop, just wanted to add is that whether you
confined till last 3 years due to one state maybe I don't know what final controls will be, but it is fair to
say that you will be expanding beyond a particular state in the current year or not broadly, broadly, that's
the way you are strategically thinking in those lines or not? Is the point I wanted to check.
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
Yes. So, one-state worked out because it was in line of what we wanted to do. It is not a plan that will
continue to be a one state. We will go wherever it makes commercial sense, and we believe that it is
appropriate and Crop obviously can play out the way it is. We are still awaiting structures. So there is --
we are open to whatever that comes up our way to be very honest on that point. And on the commercial
part in terms of what you are saying, look, the growth of the industry itself will get impacted, and we are
an offshoot of that.

So we can do better, we can do worse depending on how it pans out. But overall, if you remember in H1,
we had a much bigger loss vis-a-vis what happened in H2. So, we've also done what is required. So what
can -- what cannot be acquired through Large Corporates have played out in distribution has taken its own
play, but we are very well-entrenched. So, we should be fine on the commercial part also overall as an
entity.
Sanketh Godha
Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited, Research Division
Growth point of view...
Operator
Sanketh, sorry to interrupt, we request you to keep...
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
Growth on Commercial because of Fire being there, the industry itself may have challenges on growth. Let
me put this very clearly. But it doesn't mean that it put us at a significant disadvantage vis-a-vis anybody
else. It would be probably single-digit.
Sanketh Godha
Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited, Research Division
Sorry, just to squeeze in, I was asking that second half, our growth was 16%, though weak in first half. So
this 16% growth run rate you expect to continue largely for FY '27?
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                           13
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 15,
2026


There is so much happening all around that how do we predict that? But yes, Gopal mentioned that very
deeply, we are very confident of moving into the quarter 1 and quarter 2 on a positive note overall as
things stand. Yes. But how does the industry play out overall, we will have to watch at that. We also
presume that the tailwinds, which got created from GST cut, which led to a very robust quarter 4 would
continue to play out, definitely, we'll be well placed for growth. We are excited with that opportunity, but
we'll have to wait in terms of how the market plays out.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Nidhesh from Investec.
Nidhesh Jain
Investec Bank plc, Research Division
Question is on Motor. In Motor in H1, we grew less than the market. In H2, we grew faster than the
market. So what drove that? And what is the outlook of our growth vis-a-vis industry growth in FY '25 in
the Motor segment?
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
Yes. Okay. So Nidhesh, I think, yes, H2 was better. There was also a significant play that came out on
account of new sales for the country doing better, and there is no desire -- there's nothing which we can
say that we tend to do better when new sales are very high, and we have seen that New grew at almost
18.8% for us vis-a-vis 13.4% on the old side. So -- on the outlook of financial year '27, we'll have to see
-- we do expect a higher-single-digit growth at the industry level. And if that happens, it would be again
good for us.

And other thing which worked out last year was the growth of two-wheeler. When I was talking, I said that
it was at a decadal high in terms of the overall growth that happened. For the last 3, 4 years, we have
been saying that we have not beaten the pre-COVID number on two-wheeler. That itself is again a big plus
overall on the Motor side.
Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer
The only thing that I'll just add, Nidhesh, just to what Sanjeev was saying, I think one of the thing
initiatives that we have also been speaking in our earlier calls is our relentless focus on improving
retention. And we will be very, again, happy to kind of indicate that for the full year, I think at an
aggregate, let's say, company level, a large quarter of which will be predominantly, let's say, retail
business lines, I think we have seen an improvement in our overall retention numbers go up by almost
about 5 percentage points. So hence, that is something that we will continue to stay focused on even as
we head into FY '27. So that will be an important lever that we would obviously kind of work on beyond, of
course, the point that Sanjeev made in so far as new vehicle sales is concerned.
Nidhesh Jain
Investec Bank plc, Research Division
So between the growth acceleration that we have seen is a function of new vehicle sales going up
competitive intensity reducing and we're gaining market share on a like-to-like basis?
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
So yes, so new and old, and I think it did sometime in quarter 1 last year that we had, as a company,
extensively worked on the retention part. A lot of work was done on multiple counts by us and that's what
Gopal is referring to when he is saying that we have a delta of higher retention of a customer.
Nidhesh Jain
Investec Bank plc, Research Division

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                14
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 15,
2026


Sure. So should we expect H2 trend to play out next year also that we will grow faster than the industry?
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
I think let me put it this way. We will -- we are well placed overall, but there are multiple factors. See, I
mean, if there is a challenge on the energy, if the Indian mentality moves into the saving part of it rather
than spending the motor sales, auto sales, which probably all of you are well aware of it actually ends up
getting really muted. We'll have to see how that part comes in. But we would say that the momentum on
quarter 3 to quarter 4 and so effectively in quarter 1 should play out, I would say, yes, we are going with
a very positive mindset at this point of time.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Avinash Singh with Emkay Global.
Avinash Singh
Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd., Research Division
A couple of questions. The first one, a bit I would say, if you can clarify my understanding. This INR 49
crores kind of charge that you have taken for Diminution in Value of Investment Provisions in this quarter,
is it largely driven by the equity market fall or bond or kind of both? So that's one. And second, in Motor
TP, of course, you have a lot of things. My question is that, okay, we have not seen a sort of a price hike --
but what has changed for you that you have kind of accelerated your growth in CV segment.

Now typically, from whatever we hear, it is a CV by and large, where the price revision is required and it's
not so profitable. But in Q4, it seems that you have gone a lot higher in terms of that CV. So what has
changed there? What kind of a strategy there? And for the full year, around INR 780 crores of Motor Third
Party. Is that number I'm seeing correctly?
Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer
So maybe I can take the last one. So Avinash, again, we will keep saying you should keep looking at the
Loss Ratio range that we have spoken about for Motor as a category, which is between 65% to 67%. An
absolute amount of reserve number that we spoke about, honestly, in our sense, is something that would
not necessarily be a right metric to kind of track. A better metric will be to keep looking at the Loss Ratio
outcome, which is the range that we have kind of spoken about between 65% to 67%.

But the good part is what has worked for us, we have seen a clear rebound of growth. And at the same
time, we have been able to maintain the Loss Ratio expectations that we have set out. So hence, to that
extent, is where we have been able to deliver both on growth as well as in so far as the loss outcomes.
And that's something that we are very, very happy with, and we are very, very positive when we kind of
head into FY '27.

And as I said in response to the earlier question, is there any change in the thought process of any of
our reserving philosophies or reserving processes? Absolutely no. We continue to maintain prudence. We
continue to maintain margins for any levels of uncertainty that we see in any of the book and more so in
the context of Motor Third Party, which has got a long-tail periods of loss development. So hence, to that
extent, that's in response to the point on Motor Third Party.

To your first point -- on the first question with respect to the INR 49 crore Diminution in the Value of
Investments, this is what I kind of mentioned even as a part of the opening transcript. We have a policy
on impairment of investments that we kind of have in the context of equity investments specifically.
And consequent to what we have seen, the market conditions getting exhibited in quarter 4 of this year,
we have obviously evaluated stocks that we hold. And this is the policy that we have. We have done an
impairment of about INR 49 crores. All of this INR 49 crores is with respect to the policy on diminution in
the value of equity investments.
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                             15
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 15,
2026


MD, CEO & Executive Director
Yes. Okay. So on the CV growth, you're absolutely right. It's done better. But there are multiple moving
parts. I don't want to get into details. We can do it probably when we meet Avinash and talk about it.
We've done better, but the overall contribution of CV to the book has still been range-bound at 22%. You
see multiple things and there's one more aspect that the cost of acquisition that comes into play. And if we
see moderation, we see an opportunity.

We are also scanning the market, adding new vectors and something looks viable, we end up doing it.
We've also created a significant edge vis-a-vis the market through a Fleet Management System, which we
are working for last almost 18 to 24 months, and that has also started giving us some bit of an advantage
as to what we can do with Commercial Vehicles it's overarching, it still comes range-bound. And we do
believe that the overall growth in CV market also for H2 was at a reasonable level, which we have given in
the numbers in the detail, which also again presented us with an opportunity to do what is required.

Overall, on the practice side, if you see where ICICI Lombard is, certainly Private Car and Two-Wheeler is
our strength. But CV, we continue to exhibit a lot more intensity, but the outcome used to be moderate for
us. And for last couple of quarters, it's come into play, and I sincerely hope that we'll have a similar trend
going forward next year or this year rather.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak.
Nischint Chawathe
Kotak Securities (Institutional Equities)
This is slightly open-ended. The regulator is looking at newer set of guidelines or commissions, probably
capping commissions or deferring them. Assuming that this kind of leads to some amount of tightening,
how do you see this impact on the industry and for yourselves?
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
Nischint, I think we've always maintained an environment with where the regulator enforces it in the past
also, we have said that there are quite a few players who have saw dispensation or have not followed
the guideline, and that does not augur well. Any tightening on a uniform basis across the industry would
place ICICI Lombard at a significant advantage because we've remained within the limits of expense of
management. And if others fall in place, we can only see a better time ahead for us as an industry.
The only thing that remains is it should be practiced across the industry on a uniform basis. A welcome
sign if it comes out, we always also mentioned the fact that we believe the Expenses of Management
should be on a single-slab basis so that there is clarity of execution and let the market forces decide as to
what works for each one of them in every single business line.
Nischint Chawathe
Kotak Securities (Institutional Equities)
So, what is the latest in terms of regulatory engagement on EoM? Is there any revision expected around
the corner along with this? Separately?
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
We can only say that whatever is accessed by each one of these will be accessed and we await for what
the Regulator has in mind. We don't want to do any second-guessing, but any tightening on account of
that would be welcomed by us because it puts the industry in a good path with respect to policyholder and
also for us as an institution.
Operator

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                             16
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 15,
2026


Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I would now like to hand the
conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Mantri for closing comments. Over to you, sir.
Sanjeev Radheyshyam Mantri
MD, CEO & Executive Director
Thank you so much for joining in. We look forward to the new financial year with renewed hope. We have
definitely, as a team, been excited as to how we've been able to close H2 over H1 and more so Q4 over
the rest of it. We are positive in terms of how things can work out for General Insurance industry at large
and with the reforms that the Regulator has put in place. But at the same time, we hope that the world
moves to -- in a much more peaceful manner in times to come. So thank you so much, and all the best to
each one of you for joining in. Thank you so much.
Gopal Balachandran
Chief Financial Officer
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, that concludes this
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                          17
ICICI LOMBARD GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIM... FQ4 2026 EARNINGS CALL | APR 15,
2026


Copyright © 2026 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                     18
